don mclean 's `` american pie '' lyrics auctioned for $ 1.2 million . the song is dense with symbolism ; mclean says lyrics , notes will reveal meaning . `` pie '' is mclean 's biggest hit , was no. 1 in 1972 .
the rapper assaulted the photographer at los angeles international airport in 2013 . west apologized as part of the settlement , the photographer 's lawyer says .
the actor says he 's not planning on seeing the buzzed-about documentary . he called scientology `` brilliant '' travolta credits the church with helping him deal with his son 's death .
b.b king is now out of the hospital and back at home . bluesman suffered from dehydration and exhaustion after a 2014 show in chicago . b.b. is short for blues boy , part of the name he used as a memphis disc jockey .
survivor jeff bauman stresses `` we will never replace the lives that were lost '' a man who was at the finish line is glad dzhokhar tsarnaev is now a `` convicted killer '' `` justice has been served today , '' says a once wounded police officer .
bi apologizes on social media : `` my personal speech has led to grave social consequences '' chinese tv star filmed cursing the late chairman mao zedong . making disrespectful references to china 's leaders in public is still taboo .
kansas spotters report at least four tornadoes . potosi , missouri , sees wind damage to roofs and some flooding . thursday 's forecast calls for more storms but to the east .
animal planet captures katie the giraffe 's labor and delivery . the new baby wiggles its ears , rises , tries to nurse from its mom .
the smash hit series `` game of thrones '' returns for a fifth season sunday . major story arcs should start to converge this year .
u.s. , venezuelan relations threaten to overshadow obama , castro meeting . venezuelan president says united states moved to oust him ; he has the support of the cuban foreign minister .
ed royce : best predictor of iran 's future behavior is its past behavior . new framework keeps iran 's nuclear door well and truly open , he says .
there are few similarities between democrats martin o'malley and jim webb . but they find themselves in a similar position as long-shot presidential hopefuls .