don mclean 's `` american pie '' lyrics auctioned for $ 1.2 million . the song is dense with symbolism ; mclean says lyrics , notes will reveal meaning . `` pie '' is mclean 's biggest hit , was no. 1 in 1972 .
the rapper assaulted the photographer at los angeles international airport in 2013 . west apologized as part of the settlement , the photographer 's lawyer says .
the actor says he 's not planning on seeing the buzzed-about documentary . he called scientology `` brilliant '' travolta credits the church with helping him deal with his son 's death .
b.b king is now out of the hospital and back at home . bluesman suffered from dehydration and exhaustion after a 2014 show in chicago . b.b. is short for blues boy , part of the name he used as a memphis disc jockey .
survivor jeff bauman stresses `` we will never replace the lives that were lost '' a man who was at the finish line is glad dzhokhar tsarnaev is now a `` convicted killer '' `` justice has been served today , '' says a once wounded police officer .
bi apologizes on social media : `` my personal speech has led to grave social consequences '' chinese tv star filmed cursing the late chairman mao zedong . making disrespectful references to china 's leaders in public is still taboo .
kansas spotters report at least four tornadoes . potosi , missouri , sees wind damage to roofs and some flooding . thursday 's forecast calls for more storms but to the east .
animal planet captures katie the giraffe 's labor and delivery . the new baby wiggles its ears , rises , tries to nurse from its mom .
the smash hit series `` game of thrones '' returns for a fifth season sunday . major story arcs should start to converge this year .
u.s. , venezuelan relations threaten to overshadow obama , castro meeting . venezuelan president says united states moved to oust him ; he has the support of the cuban foreign minister .
ed royce : best predictor of iran 's future behavior is its past behavior . new framework keeps iran 's nuclear door well and truly open , he says .
there are few similarities between democrats martin o'malley and jim webb . but they find themselves in a similar position as long-shot presidential hopefuls .
 police officers escort the funeral procession to the service . scott 's family did not attend his visitation ; they need privacy , mayor says . police meet with the man who was a passenger in his car when it was pulled over .
 authorities believe the two shootings are connected . a suspect leads police on a wild chase , firing at multiple locations . a census bureau guard is in critical condition , a fire official says .
 iranian plane came within 50 yards of u.s. navy sea hawk copter . navy copter was on patrol in international airspace . u.s. official think iranian plane may have been under orders of local commander .
 liana barrientos , 39 , re-arrested after court appearance for alleged fare beating . she has married 10 times as part of an immigration scam , prosecutors say . barrientos pleaded not guilty friday to misdemeanor charges .
 there is something about pope francis that 's reawakened her faith , say cnn 's carol costello . meeting cardinal gerald lacroix of quebec showed how the pope is putting people in place to carry out his new vision , costello writes .
 mullah omar , the reclusive founder of the afghan taliban , is still in charge , a new biography claims . an ex-taliban insider says there have been rumors that the one-eyed militant is dead .
 an amnesty international report calls for attacks on women 's rights activists in afghanistan to be investigated . the report examines the persecution of activists not only by the taliban and tribal warlords , but also by government officials . some activists continue their work despite their lives being at risk .
 state troopers say they found methamphetamine and marijuana on a bus carrying nelly and five others . nelly has been charged with felony possession of drugs .
 the `` star wars '' digital collection is set for release this week . special features include behind-the-scenes stories on the unique alien sounds from the movie .
 julian zelizer : hillary clinton has immense political and governmental experience . he says she needs to make stronger connection to her party 's base . clinton also needs to convince voters of her authenticity , zelizer says .
 he made the statement before in march . o'malley is low in the polls with democrats , but he has been flirting with a presidential run .
 satyam computers services was at the center of a massive $ 1.6 billion fraud case in 2009 . the software services exporter 's chairman , ramalinga raju , admitted inflating profits . satyam had been india 's fourth-largest software services provider .
 johan bavman photographed fathers in sweden , which has generous parental leave . sweden 's policies encourage fathers to take just as much leave as mothers .
 hicks is charged in the deaths of three muslim college students in chapel hill , north carolina . victims ' family members have called on authorities to investigate the slayings as a hate crime .
 hbo released a teaser video for the new season , starting june 21 . the series stars colin farrell and vince vaughn .
 some complained about the film 's depiction of the iraq war . a petition asked the university not to show the bradley cooper film .
 lauren hill 's coach says she was `` an unselfish angel '' after playing for her college , lauren hill helped raise money for cancer research . ncaa president says she `` achieved a lasting and meaningful legacy ''
 prosecutor : carlos colina , 32 , will be arraigned on the murder charge next week . he 's already been arraigned for alleged assault and battery , improper disposal of a body . body parts were found in a duffel bag and a common area of an apartment building .
 hawks say neither thabo sefolosha nor pero antic will play wednesday against brooklyn . chris copeland left `` bloody trail of handprints '' as he returned to club seeking help , club says . suspect in custody , police say , adding they will release his name once charges are filed .
 ryan gosling 's directorial debut , `` lost river '' , is set in the city of detroit .
 elizabeth sedway posted to video to facebook showing her removal from a plane . she was forced off a flight in hawaii and told she could n't head home to california . alaska airlines later apologized , saying it could have handled the situation differently .
 closing arguments in the case are set for tuesday . aaron hernandez is charged with first-degree murder in the killing of odin lloyd . his defense lawyers made their case on monday .
 gender-based violence is at epidemic levels in guatemala . according to the united nations , two women are killed in guatemala every day . five abuse survivors known as la poderosas have been appearing in a play based on their real life stories .
 durst , a convicted felon , charged with unlawful possession of a firearm . he is accused of having a .38 caliber revolver and faces up to 10 years in prison .
 sherrilyn ifill : a city with a pattern of racial discrimination elected two new black candidates to its city council tuesday . she says ferguson faces other changes , too , that should spur rethinking in working class suburbs across america .
 chemical damages ozone and is being phased out , though it 's used in strawberry fields , epa says . a delaware family becomes ill at a resort in the u.s. virgin islands . preliminary epa results find methyl bromide was present in the unit where they stayed .
 oliver minatel , a 22-year-old player from brazil , was attacked from behind , he says . witnesses say suspect tried to choke him with the cord from his headphones . team says forward is ok , will play saturday night ; suspect was taken for evaluation .
 university of virginia is under continuing investigation over how it handles sexual assault on campus . some fear retraction of rolling stone story about one case takes focus off the broader issue . after the story came out , uva instituted a zero-tolerance policy on sexual assault going forward .
 jordan spieth holds lead in 2015 masters . strong starts from mcilroy and woods . both fall away as 21 year old spieth takes control .
 a couple named burger and king ? internet has a meltdown over `` vampire diaries '' departure .
 bring your own large `` cup '' for a $ 1.49 7-eleven slurpee . any sanitary container less than 10 inches in diameter is fair game .
 world war i graffiti is discovered in an underground quarry . the writings are generally plain , with listings of names and places . photographer : graffiti a human connection to the past .
 the nomination of loretta lynch as u.s. attorney general was announced in november . she would be the country 's first african-american woman attorney general . but as her confirmation process drags on , her supporters wonder why .
 the crash occurred at the exotic driving experience at walt disney world speedway . officials say the driver , 24-year-old tavon watson , lost control of a lamborghini . passenger gary terry , 36 , died at the scene .
 nasa scientists discuss steps to discover life elsewhere in the universe over the next two decades . meg urry : life elsewhere in the universe , and even elsewhere in our own milky way galaxy , is practically inevitable . but the chances that we can communicate with that life are slim , she writes .
 police in london are trying to catch the gang which staged a multi-million heist during the easter vacation . former police commander : such crimes require meticulous planning and use of information by criminals . the masterminds behind such complicated crimes carefully assemble their gangs with men they can trust .
 the united nations relief and works agency chief will visit yarmouk camp saturday . pierre krähenbühl will assess the humanitarian situation there . yarmouk has been engulfed in fighting since december 2012 .
 moviegoers are tearing up during the emotional ending of `` furious 7 '' the movie 's end is a tribute of sorts to actor paul walker , who died during filming .
 a court allowed a wife to serve divorce papers via facebook . danny cevallos : why not let people be found via social media ?
 `` twin peaks '' creator david lynch announced he was departing the showtime revival of the cult series sunday . cast members of the show posted a youtube video wednesday pleading for him to return . wednesday was the series ' 25th anniversary .
 selena quintanilla-perez will be re-created as hologram-like figure . the tejano singer is first to be part of a new technology , says sister . selena was killed 20 years ago but remains hugely popular .
 five young women have been detained by china since early march . they campaigned against sexual harassment . their detention has attracted international criticism .
 former tsa agent daniel boykin , 33 , videotaped his female co-worker in the restroom , authorities say . authorities say they found 90 videos and 1,500 photos of the victim on boykin 's phone and computer . boykin worked in an administrative capacity and did n't do public security screenings , tsa official says .
 debris from boat to be dried , inspected and taken to landfill . the debris contained fish normally found in japanese waters . the earthquake and tsunami hit japan in march 2011 .
 cuba pulled off a diplomatic coup by gaining attendance at summit of the americas . first time since 1962 , the u.s. has not blocked cuba 's attempt to join . cuba is trying to re-establish itself at the two-day summit in panama .
 isis says it controls several buildings at the baiji oil refinery . iraqi government security officials say iraqi forces remain in full control . the refinery , iraq 's largest , has long been a lucrative target for militants .
 case begins when police find video of what appears to be a gang rape . 2 students from troy university in alabama are charged in the case .
 ramp agent tells authorities he fell asleep in cargo hold , alaska airlines says . the cargo hold is pressurized and temperature controlled .
 the walter scott shooting inspired a local artist to create artwork . phillip hyman crafted the angel-winged artwork in the middle of the night . protesters from the black lives matter movement have started using it as his symbol .
 the incident occurred on april 7 north of poland in the baltic sea . u.s. says plane was in international airspace . russia says it had transponder turned off and was flying toward russia .
 temperatures dipped into the mid-30s during 4 days man lay in woods of philadelphia park . mom told police son was with her in maryland , but he was found friday with blanket , bible . victim being treated for malnutrition , dehydration ; mother faces host of charges after extradition .
 in an interview with the new york times , president obama says he understands israel feels particularly vulnerable . obama calls the nuclear deal with iran a `` once-in-a-lifetime opportunity '' israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu and many u.s. republicans warn that iran can not be trusted .
 nigeria 's president-elect sends nation 's prayers to families of girls . world still expresses hope that the girls will return . boko haram controls a portion of northeastern nigeria .
 philadelphia police add attempted murder to list of charges mom will face . mom told police son was with her in maryland , but he was found friday alone in woods . victim being treated for malnutrition , dehydration ; mother faces host of charges after extradition .
 a new kansas law bans what it describes as `` dismemberment abortion '' supporters say it 's a groundbreaking step . opponents say it 's dangerous and politically motivated .
 mother must complete `` treatment '' before she can be extradited , maryland police say . mom told police son was with her in maryland , but he was found friday alone in woods . victim being treated for malnutrition , dehydration ; mother faces host of charges after extradition .
 one man 's entrepreneurial quest turned into unexpected success . `` 100 days of rejection '' took jiang out of his comfort zone . it 's the fear of rejection , more than rejection itself , which holds us back .
 april 8 , 2014 , the who finally started reporting the ebola epidemic was a `` concern '' front line health care workers and ebola survivors say the world has to act quicker .
 bystanders stopped to rescue a lost brood of ducklings in d.c. tuesday . cnn 's brian todd and khalil abdallah paused to capture the scene .
 relatives of wayne community college shooting victim say he was gay , local media report . the suspect had worked for the victim but was let go , college president says . the suspect , kenneth morgan stancil iii , was found sleeping on a florida beach and arrested .
 richie benaud first earned fame as a cricket player , later as broadcaster . prime minister tony abbott calls him `` a cricketing champion and australian icon ''
 cape verde seeking to tap-into rich cultural heritage . tiny island nation wants to grow creative economy .
 the migrants were picked up 30 miles off the coast of libya , an italian leader says . at least 480 migrants have died while crossing the mediterranean this year .
 new research indicates that a play published in 1728 was written by william shakespeare . scholar lewis theobald had passed the work off as his own . texas researchers used software to analyze and compare the language of the men .
 the attack at a garissa university last week killed 147 people , mostly students . the government is tracking the finances of people suspected of ties to al-shabaab .
 company known for use of publicity stunts . tweet contained pun on name of liverpool 's kop stand . it was used to link to liverpool-newcastle stats . social media backlash leads to apology .
 astrophysicist amy mainzer says she was was touched by malala 's story of determination . mainzer also works on educating children about science .
 maya wang : 5 women held by china authorities after planning international women 's day protests on sex harassment remain detained . she says in a year when country poised to adopt anti-domestic violence law , beijing also sending chilling message on women 's activism .
 jodi arias is sentenced to life in prison with no possibility for parole . arias expressed remorse for her actions .
 attorney general holder reiterates justice department policy on prostitutes . soliciting prostitutes is banned , even in places where it 's legal , holder says . his memo comes weeks after a report involving dea agents and prostitutes .
 jennifer lawless : there 's a strong temptation to view hillary clinton 's candidacy as all about cracking the glass ceiling for women . she says the reality is that most people will vote not on gender but on the economy and partisanship .
 errol louis : by chance a bystander video caught south carolina officer shooting apparently unarmed black man . federal law on reporting of such shootings goes unenforced -- how many instances do we never hear about ? he asks . louis : it 's long past time for officials to tell the truth -- even when there 's no video .
 nashville 's district attorney banned prosecutors from offering female sterilization in plea deals . danny cevallos : present-day sterilization plea deals are voluntary and unlike creepy antiquated practices .
 emy afalava is a loyal american and decorated veteran ; he 's also an american samoan . sam erman and nathan perl-rosenthal : it is outrageous that he and others like him are denied citizenship .
 haroon moghul : tsarnaev found guilty in terrorist bombing of boston marathon . how to prevent future such acts by young muslims ? pew reports by 2050 , one in 4 will be muslim . many equate terror with islam . not true , but we should grasp what causes radicalization . moghul : muslims see their community besieged around world , some think solution is violence . they must be shown other way to help .
 dean obeidallah : apple 's new emoji lineup is diverse in race , ethnicity and sexual orientation . it 's just like america , but what took apple so long ? obeidallah asks . he says change may rankle -lrb- or win over ? -rrb- conservatives who discriminate against people because of their sexual orientation .
 mark o'mara : video captured michael slager shooting walter scott ; if cop had been wearing a body camera , he probably would n't have fired . o'mara says such cameras are expensive , but cheaper than wrongful death payouts -- and the cost of a human life . the underlying problem is racial bias in policing ; until that 's solved , body cameras are a good interim solution .
 pentagon releases map showing coalition forces have taken back 25-30 % of iraq territory from isis . counterinsurgency specialist afzal ashraf on what new data tells us about fight . ashraf : where it counts -lrb- isis is -rrb- not standing and fighting .
 somali sisters , iman and siham hashi , make up faarrow . a fusion of hip-hop , world pop and afrobeats , they are currently finishing debut album .
 isis raided yarmouk refugee camp near damascus on april 1 . 18,000 palestinian refugees remain in the camp , cut off from vital aid . one defiant elderly resident told cnn : `` i will not leave the yarmouk camp even if i am 75 or 76 years old ''
 sequel to popular `` bible '' miniseries debuting on nbc . `` mad men '' premieres the first of its final episodes . netflix premieres its first marvel series , `` daredevil ''
 marvel studios releases first looks at paul bettany as the vision in `` avengers : age of ultron '' and charlie cox in full `` daredevil '' costume . jamie bell 's character of the thing was also unveiled for 20th century fox 's marvel-based reboot of `` fantastic four '' bryan singer unveiled the first look at `` x-men : apocalypse '' angel played by ben hardy .
 ursula ward talks about the shock and pain of her son 's murder . odin lloyd 's sister said her brother 's death has felt like ' a bad dream '
 edward mccaffery : there 's a fundamental unfairness to u.s. tax laws . but americans do n't care because most of us get a refund on tax day , and that makes us happy .
 aaron hernandez has been found guilty in odin lloyd 's death , but his troubles are not over . he also faces murder charges in suffolk county , massachusetts , but trial was postponed . in addition , hernandez will face two civil lawsuits ; one is in relation to suffolk county case .
 marseille prosecutor says `` so far no videos were used in the crash investigation '' despite media reports . journalists at bild and paris match are `` very confident '' the video clip is real , an editor says . andreas lubitz had informed his lufthansa training school of an episode of severe depression , airline says .
 membership gives the icc jurisdiction over alleged crimes committed in palestinian territories since last june . israel and the united states opposed the move , which could open the door to war crimes investigations against israelis .
 amnesty 's annual death penalty report catalogs encouraging signs , but setbacks in numbers of those sentenced to death . organization claims that governments around the world are using the threat of terrorism to advance executions . the number of executions worldwide has gone down by almost 22 % compared with 2013 , but death sentences up by 28 % .
 amnesty international releases its annual review of the death penalty worldwide ; much of it makes for grim reading . salil shetty : countries that use executions to deal with problems are on the wrong side of history .
 museum : anne frank died earlier than previously believed . researchers re-examined archives and testimonies of survivors . anne and older sister margot frank are believed to have died in february 1945 .
 student is no longer on duke university campus and will face disciplinary review . school officials identified student during investigation and the person admitted to hanging the noose , duke says . the noose , made of rope , was discovered on campus about 2 a.m.
 the rev. robert schuller , 88 , had been diagnosed with esophageal cancer in 2013 . his tv show , `` hour of power , '' was enormously popular in the 1970s and 1980s .
 theia , a bully breed mix , was apparently hit by a car , whacked with a hammer and buried in a field . `` she 's a true miracle dog and she deserves a good life , '' says sara mellado , who is looking for a home for theia .
 mohammad javad zarif has spent more time with john kerry than any other foreign minister . he once participated in a takeover of the iranian consulate in san francisco . the iranian foreign minister tweets in english .
 college-bound basketball star asks girl with down syndrome to high school prom . pictures of the two during the `` prom-posal '' have gone viral .
 former gop representative compares president obama to andreas lubitz . bachmann said with possible iran deal , obama will fly `` entire nation into the rocks '' reaction on social media ? she was blasted by facebook commenters .
 americans paid more for some fruits and vegetables last year because of the drought . tourists will now have to ask for a glass of water at a california restaurant . perhaps the only good thing is another `` great '' wine grape harvest last year .
 while republican gov. asa hutchinson was weighing an arkansas religious freedom bill , walmart voiced its opposition . walmart and other high-profile businesses are showing their support for gay and lesbian rights . their stance puts them in conflict with socially conservative republicans , traditionally seen as allies .
 17 americans were exposed to the ebola virus while in sierra leone in march . another person was diagnosed with the disease and taken to hospital in maryland . national institutes of health says the patient is in fair condition after weeks of treatment .
 andrew getty 's death appears to be from natural causes , police say , citing coroner 's early assessment . in a petition for a restraining order , getty had written he had a serious medical condition . police say this is not a criminal matter at this time .
 lz : indiana law pushing back lgbt rights , and other states ' anti-lgbt moves , bow to far right wing that gop candidates need for 2016 . cruz , huckabee , jindal , carson , walker are reviving culture wars , he says . equality for lgbt has not yet `` won '' in america .
 once a super typhoon , maysak is now a tropical storm with 70 mph winds . it could still cause flooding , landslides and other problems in the philippines .
 father : `` i know he went through what he went through '' louis jordan was found on his sailboat , which was listing and in bad shape , rescuer says . he appears to be in good shape , physically and mentally .
 `` furious 7 '' pays tribute to star paul walker , who died during filming . vin diesel : `` this movie is more than a movie '' `` furious 7 '' opens friday .
 richard klass : iran framework agreement on nukes is strong , but opponents will cast doubts on this and try to obscure its facts . he says the deal would cut uranium stockpile , centrifuges , implement rigorous inspections ; it should be judged on merits , not disinformation .
 singing the national anthem is a risky proposition . whitney houston nailed it ; roseanne barr destroyed it .
 the total eclipse will only last 4 minutes and 43 seconds . people west of the mississippi river will have the best view . parts of south america , india , china and russia also will see the eclipse .
 indiana town 's memories pizza is shut down after online threat . its owners say they 'd refuse to cater a same-sex couple 's wedding .
 a south carolina man says he spent 66 days alone at sea before being rescued . other sole survivor stories include a japanese man washed away by a tsunami . an el salvador man says he drifted from mexico to marshall islands over a year .
 iranian sports official : the ban will be lifted for some events in the coming year . but he says `` families are not interested in attending '' some sports matches .
 netanyahu says third option is `` standing firm '' to get a better deal . political sparring continues in u.s. over the deal with iran .
 here are six of cnn 's best videos of the week . clips include a look at mike tyson 's abandoned mansion .
 easter is a key event in the christian faith , but where did the easter bunny come from ? why is the date different every year , and what does it have to do with the moon ?
 authorities in the indian city of malegaon have asked residents to take a ` mugshot ' of their cattle . cows are revered by the majority hindu population , and many parts of the country have laws banning the slaughter of cattle . officials in malegaon believe this is the best way to solve cow slaughter cases and enforce the law .
 the fbi cites social media messages sent by keonna thomas , 30 . she 's accused of trying to travel overseas to join isis . thomas is one of three women facing federal terror charges this week .
 going online has become the path of least resistance if you want to make yourself heard . but where there is the restrictive rule of law , journalists are vulnerable to the anger of officialdom . from china to malaysia , journalists and bloggers have been jailed -- even killed .
 robert lewis burns jr. was part of lynyrd skynyrd 's original lineup . his car hit a mailbox and a tree just before midnight .
 fbi agents and a suspected serial robber exchange gunfire in an fbi stakeout . two fbi agents are injured and the suspect is shot during the gunfight .
 in response to lawsuit , ncaa says it does n't control quality of education for student-athletes . but its website emphasizes importance of education , `` opportunities to learn '' lawsuit claims students did n't get an education because of academic fraud at unc .
 the large hadron collider -lrb- lhc -rrb- begins again after a two-year shutdown . the restart was delayed in march .
 bombing of targets in central sanaa smashes residents ' windows and doors . hundreds killed in less than two weeks ; humanitarian situation desperate , agencies say .
 a native american from a tribe not recognized by the feds wins the return of his eagle feathers . an irs accountant is fired for insisting on carrying a symbolic sikh knife to work . a group of chicago pastors takes on city hall over its permits for new churches and loses .
 terrorist group al-shabaab has attacked a kenyan college , killing and taking hostages . it is a clear indicator the security situation in east africa is deteriorating , says stefan wolff . more than military action aloe is needed to combat terrorism in the region , he says .
 judge wo n't allow teen leave hospital before her last chemotherapy treatment . attorneys for the teen are deciding whether to appeal . cassandra c. is now in remission and is no longer opposed to the chemotherapy treatments .
 the song rules the chart for 13th week . it passes robin thicke 's `` blurred lines '' song three weeks from potentially tying `` one sweet day '' for record .
 thai airways subsidiary thai smile features cartoon network paint job on a320 jet . overhead bins , head rests and air sick bags feature characters from cartoon network .
 high temperatures are recorded on the northern tip of the antarctica peninsula . the world meteorological organization will make the final determination .
 kim ki-jong is charged with attempted murder and assaulting a foreign envoy . he 's accused of stabbing u.s. ambassador mark lippert in the face and arm . police said kim opposed the joint u.s.-south korean military drills .
 frida ghitis : president barack obama is right to want a deal , but this one gives iran too much . she says the framework agreement starts lifting iran sanctions much too soon .
 deion sanders calls out son for `` hood doughnuts '' comments . `` you 're a huxtable with a million $ trust fund . stop the hood stuff ! ''
 a test in kansas finds listeria in a blue bell ice cream cup . the company announces it is temporarily shutting a plant to check for the source . three people in kansas have died from a listeria outbreak .
 hong kong banker alleged murder case adjourned until may . the 29-year-old rurik jutting is accused of killing two indonesian domestic workers .
 the final film featuring the late paul walker , `` furious 7 '' is opening around the globe this weekend . it 's worldwide debut may approach or cross $ 300 million by the end of easter sunday .
 manning is serving a 35-year sentence for leaking thousands of classified documents . she says she will be using a voice phone to dictate her tweets .
 an outside review found that a rolling stone article about campus rape was `` deeply flawed '' danny cevallos says that there are obstacles to a successful libel case , should one be filed .
 japan 's top military official earnestly revealed that the country 's self defense force -lrb- sdf -rrb- had never encountered a ufo . celebrity politician and former wrestler antonio inoki had posed a question concerning extraterrestrials to a government committee .
 a man killed in a raid in the philippines in january was a `` most wanted '' terrorist , the fbi says . marwan was a malaysian believed to have provided support to islamist terror groups . 44 elite philippine commandos were killed in the raid on his hideout last month .
 shibuya ward in tokyo passes an ordinance that gives same-sex couples some of the rights of married heterosexual couples . activists welcome the decision ; hope that it will lead to greater equality for lgbt people in japan . recent poll finds most young japanese open to the idea of gay marriage .
 david lynch says he wo n't be directing new episodes of twin peaks . showtime `` saddened '' over decision , which involved a dispute over money .
 kentucky player mutters n-word under his breath about a wisconsin player at postgame news conference . andrew harrison , who is black , tweets that he apologized to frank kaminsky , who is white . kaminsky says he 's talked it over with harrison -- ` i 'm over it ''
 a blast rocks a chemical plant in china 's southeastern fujian province for the second time in two years . six were injured after the explosion and are being hospitalized . the explosion was triggered by an oil leak , though local media has not reported any toxic chemical spills .
 delaware family becomes ill at the sirenusa resort in the u.s. virgin islands . preliminary epa results find methyl bromide was present in unit where family stayed . u.s. justice department has initiated a criminal investigation into the matter .
 georgia powers : rand paul , running for president , would like minorities to think he 's an advocate . his record on rights shows otherwise . on civil rights , women 's choice , voting rights , immigrant dreamers , education , he has shown he 'd take country backwards , she says .
 justice department prosecuting fedex over unauthorized shipment of drugs . danny cevallos : fedex has a strong argument that it should n't be held responsible .
 `` mad men 's '' final seven episodes begin airing april 5 . the show has never had high ratings but is considered one of the great tv series . it 's unknown what will happen to characters , but we can always guess .
 chris rock posts selfies after being pulled over three times in last seven weeks . `` stopped by the cops again wish me luck , '' he posted this week .
 mark wahlberg is planning to appear in `` patriots ' day '' the film will be about events surrounding the 2013 boston marathon bombing . another film , `` boston strong , '' is also in the works .
 kenyans use hashtag # 147notjustanumber to honor victims of kenya university attack . the attack killed 142 students , three security officers and two university security personnel .
 `` all the police investigators have left the -lrb- germanwings -rrb- crash site , '' a police official says . private security company is ensuring no one goes on the site , official says . authorities say co-pilot andreas lubitz deliberately crashed the plane , killing all 150 on board .
 couple spends $ 1,200 to ship their cat , felix , on a flight from the united arab emirates . felix went missing somewhere at john f. kennedy international airport , airline says . pets are `` treated no differently than a free piece of checked luggage , '' jennifer stewart says .
 jay parini : when religious identity , ethics , tolerance are roiling the culture , it 's worth looking at message of holy week and easter . he says ritual enactment of these three days is reminder that again and again the human condition moves through darkness into light .
 some of jesus ' most important financial backers were women , historians say . joseph of arimathea and nicodemus , both men of stature and wealth , chipped in to help fund jesus ' ministry .
 the trials of dzhokhar tsarnaev and aaron hernandez are coming to a close . voting has put rahm emanuel and ferguson , missouri , back in the headlines . rand paul has announced his bid for the presidency .
 ted cruz has built a brand as a stalwart conservative on fiscal issues . but he 's also eager to champion social issues at a time when many republicans are eager to avoid them . cruz says the gop needs to unite young libertarian-minded voters and evangelicals .
 `` vampire diaries '' star nina dobrev announces she 's leaving the show . `` nothing will be the same again , '' fans say .
 prosecutors formally charged former top official zhou yongkang . zhou charged with accepting bribes , abuse of power and leaking state secrets . former domestic security official is the most senior chinese official to face corruption charges .
 federal education minister smriti irani visited a fabindia store in goa , saw cameras . authorities discovered the cameras could capture photos from the store 's changing room . the four store workers arrested could spend 3 years each in prison if convicted .
 the group included four children , turkish official says . turkish military did n't say what group 's intent was . uk foreign office says it is trying to get information from turkish officials .
 kayahan wrote some of turkey 's best-loved pop songs . the singer was first diagnosed with cancer in 1990 . he most recently performed in february in istanbul .
 submarine is in zvyozdochka shipyard , in northwestern russia . no `` dangerous '' substances on the submarine , shipyard spokesman told itar-tass .
 the fire on a platform in the gulf of mexico has been extinguished , pemex says . 45 workers were injured in the blaze , according to the state oil company . four workers were killed in the oil rig fire , which started early wednesday .
 network regains control of facebook page and one of its 11 channels . isis logos displayed but no claim of responsibility made by any group . network reaches 260 million homes worldwide .
 three people killed ; five wounded in attack on attorney general 's office in balkh province . staff and civilians have been rescued as gunmen engaged afghan security forces .
 dzhokhar tsarnaev is found guilty on all 30 charges he faced . seventeen counts were capital charges , meaning he is eligible for the death penalty .
 u.s. official said in february that iraqi troops could go into mosul in april or may . officials say now that there 's no timetable , an invasion could come sooner or later . they note that recapturing mosul from isis could be a complicated endeavor .
 the penalty is more than 10 times the previous record , according to a newspaper report . utility commission to force pacific gas & electric co. to make infrastructure improvements . company apologizes for explosion that killed 8 , says it is using lessons learned to improve safety .
 at least one person died as a result of storms in illinois , an official says . fire department : rescuers searching for trapped victims in kirkland , illinois .
 more questions than answers emerge in controversial s.c. police shooting . officer michael slager , charged with murder , was fired from the north charleston police department .