that 's some rich `` american pie . '' the lyrics to the famed don mclean song sold for $ 1.2 million tuesday morning at an auction held by christie 's . `` don mclean 's manuscript of ` american pie ' achieved the 3rd highest auction price for an american literary manuscript , a fitting tribute to one the foremost singer-songwriters of his generation , '' christie 's tom lecky said in a statement . mclean told rolling stone that it was time to part with the manuscript . `` i 'm going to be 70 this year , '' the singer and songwriter said in february . `` i have two children and a wife , and none of them seem to have the mercantile instinct . i want to get the best deal that i can for them . it 's time . '' over the years , `` american pie '' has become one of the most dissected and argued-about songs in the pop music canon . mclean has said that the opening lines were inspired by the death of buddy holly , but after that , it 's all been conjecture -- which has n't stopped a marching band 's worth of analysts from trying to parse the symbols in the 8-minute , 33-second opus . is the jester bob dylan ? the football game vietnam ? the `` girl who sang the blues '' janis joplin ?  one thing 's certain : buddy holly 's plane was not named `` american pie . ''  . `` over the years i 've dealt with all these stupid questions of ` who 's that ? ' and ` who 's that ? ' '' mclean said . `` these are things i never had in my head for a second when i wrote the song . i was trying to capture something very ephemeral and i did , but it took a long time . '' the song catapulted the former folk singer to headliner status . the song hit no. 1 in early 1972 , despite its length .  the 45-rpm single split the song in half on its a and b sides .  . the draft that was auctioned is 16 pages : 237 lines of manuscript and 26 lines of typed text , according to christie 's . it includes lines that did n't make the final version as well as extensive notes -- all of which should be revealing , mclean said . the record for a popular music manuscript is held by bob dylan 's `` like a rolling stone , '' which sold for $ 2 million in june . opinion : what 's so great about ` american pie ' ?
 kanye west has settled a lawsuit with a paparazzi photographer he assaulted -- and the two have shaken on it . the photographer , daniel ramos , had filed the civil suit against west after the hip-hop star attacked him and tried to wrestle his camera from him in july 2013 at los angeles international airport . west pleaded no contest last year to a misdemeanor count of battery over the scuffle . a judge sentenced him to two years ' probation , as well as anger management sessions and community service . ramos and his lawyer , gloria allred , sought general and punitive damages in the civil suit , saying that west had interfered with the photographer 's rights to pursue a lawful occupation . the case had been set for trial next week , but allred issued a statement tuesday night saying ramos ' side had filed a dismissal `` because the case was settled to the satisfaction of the parties . '' she did n't disclose the details of the settlement other than saying that `` one important aspect of it was an apology by kanye west to our client , daniel ramos . '' her statement included a picture of west and ramos shaking hands , which she said happened after the apology . the original incident was caught on video , including the following exchange . `` kanye ! kanye ! talk to me , kanye ! '' ramos shouts outside a terminal at the los angeles airport on the night of july 19 , 2013 . `` what 's ' going on ? why ca n't we talk to you ? i mean , why ? '' he asks as west moves through a group of paparazzi . `` now come on , kanye , i do n't want to fight with you , '' he says as west advances toward him . `` i told you , do n't talk to me , right , '' west says . `` you 're trying to get me in trouble so i step off and have to pay you like $ 250,000 . '' west is then seen rushing the photographer and attempting to wrestle his camera from his hands . west retreats after about 15 seconds of scuffling with the photographer . `` we believe that this case sent an important message , '' allred said . `` celebrities are not above the law , and they have no right to physically attack someone simply because they were asked a question . '' beverly hills police investigated an incident in january 2014 in which west was accused of assaulting a man at a beverly hills chiropractor 's office . west avoided criminal charges by reaching a civil settlement with the man . kanye west apologizes to beck , bruno mars . cnn 's sonya hamasaki contributed to this report .
 buzz has surrounded hbo 's new documentary `` going clear : scientology and the prison of belief , '' but scientologist john travolta is not a fan . travolta told the tampa bay times that he has not seen the documentary , `` and i do n't really care to . '' `` i 've been so happy with my  scientology  experience in the last 40 years that i really do n't have anything to say that would shed light on  a documentary  so decidedly negative , '' travolta said . the actor , one of the church of scientology 's most high-profile members along with stars like tom cruise and kirstie alley , is premiering his new film , `` the forger , '' in clearwater , florida . the hbo documentary is based on the book `` going clear : scientology , hollywood , and the prison of belief '' by lawrence wright and is critical of the organization , which has close ties to the showbiz industry . travolta said he believed the doc was a result of `` people who were disgruntled with their experiences '' with the church of scientology , which he touted as a positive experience for him . `` i have n't experienced anything that the hearsay has  claimed  , so why would i communicate something that was n't true for me ? '' travolta asked . `` it would n't make sense , nor would it for tom  cruise  , i imagine . '' he called scientology `` brilliant '' and credited the church with helping him to survive the death of his teen son , jett , after a seizure while the family was on vacation in the bahamas in 2009 . `` oh , my god , i would n't have made it , '' said travolta , whose wife , kelly preston , is also a member . `` honestly . ''
 blues legend b.b. king was hospitalized for dehydration , though the ailment did n't keep him out for long . king 's dehydration was caused by his type ii diabetes , but he `` is much better , '' his daughter , claudette king , told the los angeles times . the legendary guitarist and vocalist released a statement thanking those who have expressed their concerns . `` i 'm feeling much better and am leaving the hospital today , '' king said in a message tuesday . angela moore , a publicist for claudette king , said later in the day that he was back home resting and enjoying time with his grandchildren . `` he was struggling before , and he is a trouper , '' moore said . `` he was n't going to let his fans down . '' no more information on king 's condition or where he was hospitalized was immediately available . b.b. is short for blues boy , part of the name he used as a memphis disc jockey , the beale street blues boy . he was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1987 , and has 30 grammy nominations . king , 89 , has used various models of gibson guitars over the years , and named each one of them lucille . in the 1980s , gibson officially dropped the model number on the guitar he used last and most . it became a custom-made signature model named lucille , manufactured exclusively for the `` king of the blues . '' some of his hits include `` the thrill is gone , '' which won him his first grammy in 1970 , `` there must be a better world somewhere '' and `` when love comes to town , '' a collaboration with u2 . last year , the bluesman suffered from dehydration and exhaustion after a show in chicago , forcing him to cancel the remainder of his tour . cnn 's greg botelho and sonya hamasaki contributed to this report .
 rebekah gregory blinked back tears as she thought about the verdict . it had been almost two years since dzhokhar tsarnaev and his brother planted bombs at the boston marathon , setting off deadly explosions that wounded her and hundreds of others . in court last month , she testified that one of the blasts on that day in 2013 left her lying in the street , staring at her own bones . now , jurors have found him guilty on all 30 counts he faced for the deadly bombings and their aftermath . but no verdict can ever totally make up for the pain , she said . `` i do n't believe that there will ever be justice brought to this , no mater if he does get the death penalty or he remains in prison for the rest of his life , '' she said , crying as she spoke to reporters outside her texas home . `` i do believe , however , that he should be held accountable for his actions . and i 'm very thankful for each of the jury members that are making him do that . '' gregory , who wrote a widely publicized letter to tsarnaev after testifying , said the trial has left her and other victims reeling from a flood of emotions as they relive horrifying memories , but it 's an important step . `` everything is being brought up again full force . our lives will never ever be the same , but i hope with this we can move forward and remember that we are still here for a reason , that there 's a bigger plan , '' she said . `` i may be standing on one fake leg , but i 'm standing here , stronger than ever , because someone tried to destroy me , and he failed . '' for gregory and others who lived through the 2013 attack , wednesday 's verdict brought a mix of emotions , from triumphant vows to move forward , to expressions of gratitude , to debate over whether tsarnaev should be sentenced to death . there were no outbursts inside the federal courthouse in boston . in fact , there was barely any peripheral noise as people sat on the edges of their seats . as tsarnaev fidgeted and scratched the back of his head , some survivors and victims ' family members lowered their heads and dabbed tears . as cnn 's alexandra field noted from inside the courtroom , `` they 've waited a long time for this . '' the family of sean collier , a 26-year-old police officer shot to death in his patrol car on the campus of the massachusetts institute of technology , said tsarnaev and his brother , tamerlan , were terrorists who `` failed monumentally '' in striking fear in people . `` while today 's verdict can never bring sean back , we are thankful that dzhokhar tsarnaev will be held accountable for the evil that he brought to so many families , '' the collier family said in a written statement . to richard `` dic '' donohue , an mbta police officer left in a pool of blood after being wounded in a shootout with the tsarnaevs in watertown , the verdicts show that `` as a society , ... terrorism will not prevail , and we will hold those accountable for their acts against our nation . '' `` justice has been served today , '' donahue tweeted . survivor karen brassard said she needed to attend the trial to help her heal . she does n't believe dzhokhar tsarnaev 's brother tamerlan , now dead , persuaded him to take part in the plot , as the defense contended . dzhokhar , in her view , was `` all in . '' `` obviously we are grateful for the outcome today , '' brassard tolder reporters . `` it 's not a happy occasion , but it 's something that we can put one more step behind us . '' that sense of turning the page was echoed by bruce mendelsohn , who is among those who rushed to save lives at the marathon finish line . the verdicts mean that dzhokhar tsarnaev is no longer a bombing suspect -- he is now officially a `` convicted killer . '' you ca n't call it celebration . but there is a newfound peace of mind , at least , in and around boston . this was a community that suffered greatly after the bombing and subsequent manhunt . and they got through it by rallying around each other , a deep bond reflected in the mantra `` boston strong . '' that feeling was reaffirmed all around the city by wednesday 's verdict . and it 's evident in people like heather abbott , who lost her left leg below the knee . since then , she 's become a living example of someone who was n't stopped by the terror -- learning not only to walk again , but to run again . `` nothing can ever replace the lives that were lost or changed forever , '' abbott said wednesday on facebook . `` but at least there is some relief in knowing that justice is served and responsibility will be taken . '' that view was commonly shared . for those hurt -- physically , mentally , emotionally -- by the horrors of 2013 , wednesday was key to their progression . but it 's not the end of the road . just ask jeff bauman . the picture of him , bloodied , being rushed through the streets of boston by good samaritan carlos arredondo , became a symbol of the carnage and heroism from this attack . even after losing both his legs , bauman has become a symbol since of resilience -- moving on with his life , by marrying and fathering a child . on wednesday , bauman said the verdict `` will never replace the lives that were lost and so dramatically changed . '' `` but it is a relief , '' he added , `` and one step closer to closure . '' cnn 's ann o'neill and steve almasy contributed to this report .
 a popular chinese television host known for impromptu satire is now the subject of controversy after being caught on camera cursing the late chairman mao zedong . bi fujian , who works for state-run china central television , was filmed at a dinner party singing a revolutionary song that eulogizes the communist party 's early years when he started going off script . `` the communist party , chairman mao . do n't mention that old son of a b *** h . he made us suffer so bad , '' went bi 's improvised lyrics . the other dinner guests burst into laughter . bi later apologized . `` my personal speech has led to grave social consequences , and i feel remorseful for that . i hereby sincerely apologize to the public . as a public figure , i shall learn the lesson from this incident , adhering to strict self-discipline , '' he posted on weibo , china 's twitter-like social media platform . making disrespectful references to china 's leaders in public is considered a taboo in china , even today . and bi 's comment was directed at the man regarded by many as the country 's founding father -- despite his controversial reputation . the 75-second video clip , seemingly filmed on the cellphone of another dinner guest , was uploaded on monday . since then , it has been removed from video-sharing sites inside china , although it was still accessible on weibo . it 's unclear when the incident occurred , or what the relationsip was between the camera person and bi . cctv said it would investigate . `` as a cctv presenter , bi fujian 's speech in the online video has led to grave social consequences , '' the network said in a statement posted on its weibo account . cctv did not respond to a cnn request for comment . fondly known as `` grandpa bi , '' the 56-year-old tv personality was born and grew up in the mao era . the song bi riffed on was part of a `` red '' peking opera that was first performed in the late 1950s . it was popularized during the cultural revolution of the 1960s and 1970s -- which was launched by mao -- when china was torn apart by violence and social unrest . the video quickly divided china 's online community . critics said bi , as an influential public figure , deserved a harsh punishment . but others rushed to his defense , arguing that bi was simply enjoying himself in a private setting and was set up by whoever uploaded the clip . the video also emerged just a day before the new head of cctv started his job , leading some to wonder if it were a case of `` a new broom sweeps clean . '' mao still divides opinion in china . his giant portrait hangs on beijing 's tiananmen gate , and thousands flock to see his embalmed body at his mausoleum in tiananmen square in the heart of the chinese capital . but despite this reverence , mao 's is a deeply flawed legacy . many remember him as a brutal dictator who inspired fear , paranoia and famine , and whose actions resulted in tens of millions of deaths . cnn 's shen lu contributed to this report .
 tornado sirens blared wednesday night in kansas as several storms brought reports of twisters . spotters reported a tornado about 6 miles northwest of goddard , which is less than 15 miles west of wichita . that storm moved to the northeast , missing the city , but posing potential risks to other communities . `` there will be storms ... that pop up all night long , '' said cnn severe weather expert chad myers . `` nighttime tornadoes are the most deadly , are the most dangerous . '' other reports of tornadoes came in from southwestern kansas , according to the storm prediction center . three of the sightings were near aetna , 125 miles southwest of wichita . kansas was n't the only state affected by the storms . the national weather service indicated a tornado may have touched down in the small town of potosi , missouri , about 70 miles from st. louis . cnn affiliate kmov reported that it had received reports of wind damage and flooding in the town . one instagram user there posted a photo of a fallen tree . aerial footage also showed damage to roofs and one street overtaken by water . not far away from potosi , shyler and christin strube in leadington posted an instagram picture of some unusual dark clouds . and a twitter user in farmington got bad news when he went out to his car . `` they were n't kidding when they said baseball size  hail  , '' kevin knox wrote . on thursday , more storms are expected in the midwest , mississippi river valley , tennessee river valley and near the southern great lakes , the weather service said . cnn 's sean morris and anneclaire stapleton contributed to this report .
 anyone who has given birth -- or been an observer of the event -- knows how arduous it can be . but to do it live on the internet ? with two hooves sticking out for several minutes in the midst of labor ? luckily , katie -- a giraffe at the dallas zoo -- is a champ . in an hour-long labor captured by 10 cameras and streamed live by animal planet , katie gave birth to a not-so-little baby  about 6 feet tall  early friday evening . there was no immediate word on the newborn 's gender or condition . but there were good signs , as seen on the live stream and dallas zoo 's twitter feed -- like its ears moving , its efforts to stand , and its nursing  or at least trying to nurse  from mom . `` we 're so proud , '' the zoo tweeted . the newcomer 's debut was a long time coming , especially when you count for katie 's 15-month gestation period -- average for a giraffe , according to animal planet . the baby joins a sister , 4-year-old calf jamie . it was n't immediately known how many people online saw katie go into labor and give birth . but the giraffe definitely did have watchers in the form of fellow giraffes who saw the scene unfold from an abutting barn , one of them being katie 's bff jade . the fact that the spunky katie held up so well under the spotlight is n't a total shocker . the zoo describes her as the `` diva '' among a herd of 12 giraffes at the zoo who loves to `` toss her head around '' when she does n't like something . as animal planet noted , `` she 's one of the only giraffes at the dallas zoo who can stick her long tongue out on cue . '' cnn 's justin lear contributed to this report .
 where do you go from here ? the fourth season of `` game of thrones '' saw massive battles , major deaths  tywin !  and white walkers , but what can fans expect sunday as we head into a fifth season of one of the most popular shows in hbo history ? it 's the most high-profile premiere yet , airing simultaneously in 170 countries for the first time .  hbo is a time warner company , like cnn .  . we sought out `` thrones '' aficionado doug gross , a writer for nerdwallet and a former cnn employee , who had a few thoughts on the matter  beware , tv fans , he has read the books  . `` we 're going to start seeing some of the show 's major story arcs coming together , '' gross said  as confirmed by the executive producers  . `` already , stannis has shown up at the wall to save jon snow and the rest of the night 's watch from the wildlings , '' he said . `` now we 'll see how his quest for the iron throne collides with the watch 's supposedly non-political role protecting the realm . '' tyrion 's path should cross with daenerys ' this season , according to the trailers . `` season five also will be unique in that some of the major story arcs will clearly be moving ahead of where george martin is in the ` song of ice and fire ' books , '' gross pointed out . executive producer david benioff told rolling stone , `` we are starting to build to a crescendo , which means the battles have to get bigger and things have to get more dramatic . '' indeed , this fifth season means we 're past the halfway point , with the show currently set to end after seven years . the stark daughters , arya and sansa , will be the characters to watch this season , as will cersei . the world of westeros is constantly plagued by war , but is there a time when people have just had enough ? `` wars are waged by the nobles , but it 's the common folk who suffer , '' gross noted . `` and , this season , we 'll get a glimpse of what happens when those common people have had enough . ''
 the vii summit of the americas was supposed to be all about the symbolic handshake between the united states and cuba . but insert venezuela into the mix and panama city , panama , quickly turns into a `` triangle of tension . '' heads of state from 35 countries in the western hemisphere have met every three years to discuss economic , social or political issues since the creation of the summit in 1994 . cuba has historically been the wrench in the diplomatic machinery , with some latin american leaders threatening not to attend the summit of the americas if the united states and canada did n't agree to invite president raul castro . the tide changed december 17 , 2014 , when president barack obama and castro announced that more than five decades of cold war rivalry was ending . diplomats from both countries immediately began negotiations to establish embassies in havana and washington , and the attention immediately focused on the summit of the americas , where for the first time since the about-face , obama and castro would come face-to-face . the much anticipated handshake between obama and castro would steal all the headlines if it was n't for cuba 's strongest ally , venezuela . venezuelan president nicolas maduro recently accused the united states of trying to topple his government and banned former president george bush , former vice president dick cheney , and senators bob menendez and marco rubio from entering venezuela . `` they ca n't enter venezuela because they 're terrorists , '' maduro said , blaming the american politicians for what he called terrorist actions in iraq , syria and vietnam . the u.s. state department said the allegations of u.s. involvement in a coup plot against maduro were `` baseless and false . '' later , obama issued an executive order sanctioning seven venezuelan officials for human rights violations and saying the country was a `` threat to national security . '' white house officials said every executive order includes that language , but it has sparked a fiery response from maduro , who has been collecting millions of signatures demanding the repeal of the order . he also asked for repeal in full-page ads in the new york times and in a panama city newspaper . maduro did n't stop there ; he has been rallying other latin american leaders , including bolivian president evo morales , ecuador 's rafael correa and nicaragua 's daniel ortega . but perhaps most damning for the united states -- and creating the `` triangle of tension '' at the summit -- cuban foreign minister bruno rodriguez has sided publicly with maduro . `` we reiterate our strong condemnation of the unacceptable and unjustifiable unilateral sanctions imposed against the sister nation of venezuela and the continued foreign interference with the purpose of creating a climate of instability in that sister nation . we ratify our firmest support to the bolivarian revolution and the legitimate government headed by president nicolás maduro , '' rodriguez said . while the world watches for the photo-op of obama and castro , it 's unclear if more latin american diplomats will side with maduro , and for america , the vii summit of the americas could go from `` mi casa es su casa '' to a walk into the lion 's den .
 the outlines of a nuclear deal with iran are in place . unfortunately , it seems like too many in president barack obama 's administration have forgotten that the only reason this terrorist-supporting state came to the negotiating table in the first place was because of tough sanctions imposed by the u.s. congress . indeed , the reality is that president obama is giving up enormous leverage in his nuclear deal with iran -- and i worry we will lose it for good . bleeding money , and faced with falling oil prices , supreme leader ayatollah khamenei gave his government rare permission to bargain with the `` great satan '' -- the united states . but just as u.s. and european sanctions were forcing iran to the nuclear crossroads , president obama has given tehran an easy exit . for khamenei , the `` framework '' announced last week looks like a win-win : he gets to keep his nuclear infrastructure , and in return gets billions of dollars in sanctions relief . congress offered a better strategy when the top democrat on the foreign affairs committee , eliot engel , and i introduced a bill to hit tehran with its toughest sanctions yet . unfortunately , this bill -- which passed the house in a 400-20 vote -- was blocked in the senate last year , despite the fact that it would have sharpened the ayatollah 's choice : dismantle your nuclear weapons program or see your economy collapse . president obama once had a tougher line , when in 2012 he said : `` the deal we 'll accept is they end their nuclear program . it 's very straightforward . '' but the framework announced last week does nothing of the sort . negotiated between iran and the united states , russia , china , britain , france and germany , the framework concedes that iran can maintain `` a mutually defined enrichment program , '' operate thousands of centrifuges , and continue its research and development of nuclear technologies . the deal currently on the table would hand tehran billions of previously sanctioned funds , filling the coffers of the world 's biggest state sponsor of terrorism , with strongholds in syria , iraq , yemen and lebanon . meanwhile , the strictest restrictions on iran 's enrichment will expire in only 10 years , despite the president receiving a letter from 367 members of congress -- both democrats and republicans -- in which we insisted that `` verifiable constraints on iran 's nuclear program must last for decades . '' the president admitted as much when he conceded that `` in year 13 , 14 , 15 , they have advanced centrifuges that enrich uranium fairly rapidly , and at that point the breakout times would have shrunk almost down to zero . '' but as bad as these concessions are , the most concerning aspect of the april 2 deal is that it lacks tough safeguards to stop iran from cheating . the key question is this : will the inspectors at the international atomic energy agency be allowed to inspect these military sites without warning ? because if the iaea can not conduct `` anytime , anywhere '' inspections , iran will be able to `` sneak out '' to a bomb . it has been done before . remember , in 1994 , when president bill clinton told us he had struck a deal with north korea that would `` make the united states , the korean peninsula , and the world safer '' ? president clinton sounded a little too much like the current secretary of state john kerry , when he promised that the north korea agreement `` does not rely on trust '' and that `` compliance will be certified by the international atomic energy agency . '' twelve years after these assurances , north korea detonated its first nuclear bomb . iran could easily do the same . the best predictor of its future behavior is its past behavior -- between 2004 and 2009 , the iranian government built a huge centrifuge facility named fordo under a mountain deep in the iranian desert . luckily for the world , western intelligence agencies discovered tehran 's deception . but we can not rely on such luck in the future , particularly when iran still has n't come clean about its history of secret weapons development and is still dodging basic questions from the iaea . let 's not forget the other things iran has been doing while its diplomats have been bargaining with the u.s. and its partners . while iran was showing its friendly new face to the world , it has simultaneously been helping syrian dictator bashar al assad kill his own people , training and funding the terrorist group hezbollah , which aims to annihilate israel , and supporting the houthis , who started a civil war and overthrew the government in yemen -- one of america 's more reliable counterterrorism partners in the region . if president obama is going to hand over billions of dollars to a regime that behaves like this , run by a man who publicly declares : `` death to america , '' it has to be a better deal . the framework we have before us keeps iran 's nuclear door well and truly open .
 martin o'malley and jim webb share little in common . both democrats are toying with a presidential run , both are facing long odds in that endeavor , and both shared a stage at the polk county democrats awards dinner in des moines , iowa , on friday night . but , as was evident at the dinner , that is where the similarities end . o'malley is a former mayor and maryland governor who seems most at home when he is pressing the flesh at events and introducing himself to anyone who would extend their hand . webb , on the contrary , is a decorated vietnam war veteran and former senator from virginia who comes across as more stoic and , at times , uncomfortable with retail politics . before the event , o'malley confidently cruised the union hall . he took selfies with young environmental activists and chatted with sometimes tepid supporters who admitted their other political allegiances . `` it is a marathon , not a sprint , '' one man told o'malley , a nod to his long odds in the 2016 democratic nomination process . `` yes , it is ; it 's a marathon , '' o'malley responded . `` welcome to iowa , '' said another man . `` we hope to see you here more . '' o'malley smiled , `` thanks a lot . i hope you do , too . '' webb was n't nearly as active , opting instead to stay close to his seat near the front of the venue and chat with a small group of people around him . as webb cut into his sizable helping of pork , o'malley was standing directly behind him , shaking hands . the former virginia senator , after possibly seeing o'malley making the rounds , did stand up and shake hands with a few of the diehard democratic activists in the room . `` seven months old , '' zach smith , a new father , said of his baby boy , noah . `` i have a bunch of kids . the youngest one is 8 years old , '' webb said . the baby looked up at the senator . `` he is pretty calm , '' webb remarked , himself calm . despite coming from bordering states , webb and o'malley do n't know each other . when they passed each other in a des moines hotel lobby on friday morning , it was the first time the two had met . that said , the two democrats find themselves in the same position . hillary clinton , the former secretary of state who is set to announce her presidential bid sunday , leads every national and state poll of the democratic field . she has begun to build a sizable staff and is expected to have massive amounts of money to win the nomination . o'malley and webb are both looking up at her . in a march cnn/orc poll  pdf  of national democrats , only 1 % said o'malley and webb were their top choice . in a january poll from bloomberg politics and the des moines register  pdf  , o'malley was at 1 % among iowa democrats , while webb found himself at 3 % . the speaking portion of the night further showed webb and o'malley 's differences . webb , who spoke before the governor , gave a more subdued , biographical speech that mentioned three areas he would focus on if he ran for president : basic governance , economic justice and criminal justice reform . to the approval of the audience , webb promised to come back to iowa regularly . `` i am committing to you right now , '' he said , `` we are going to go over the whole state . '' and the biggest applause came near the end of his speech , when he urged his party to get back to talking about issues . `` money is ruining our political process , '' webb said to a chorus of applause and `` hear hear . '' o'malley , on the other hand , gave a speech littered with intentional applause lines . at points , the governor would deliberately stop to allow for the silence to be filled with clapping hands . `` when the american dream is denied , our lives shrink , our hopes fade , and our days unfold not in the light of possibility but in the darkness of fear , '' o'malley said , delivering the same stump speech he usually gives . `` to make the dream true again , we must fight for better wages for all workers , so that americans can support their families on what they earn . '' as the event wound down , webb and o'malley stuck around to shake more hands and meet people . o'malley , who spent the previous day in iowa , left friday night for new york . webb , who is in the midst of a four-day trip to iowa , stayed in des moines and headlined a veterans event on saturday morning in waterloo . webb regularly speaks about his service and appeared more at home at the event . he told war stories with young and old veterans and spoke at length about how the government could be doing more for veterans . he also touted his work on passing the 21st century g.i. bill of rights , a 2008 act that expanded education benefits for veterans , and stressed that more needed to be done . `` you want the next greatest generation , give them the same opportunity the the greatest generation had , '' webb said to applause . `` if you really want to thank them , hire a vet . '' after the event , webb shook hands with people veterans who told stories about dropped benefits and problems with the department of veterans affairs . he occasionally smiled and thanked people for coming on a sunny saturday morning . asked whether he enjoys the retail politics that is crucial in early voting states like iowa and new hampshire , webb smiled . skepticism of retail politics is not new for webb . as a one-term democratic senator , webb was rumored to loathe the burdens that came with campaigning , namely fundraising and retail politics . this time , he put on a rosy view . `` this is the good part of it , `` webb said , with a laugh . `` talking to the media , that is not always the good part . '