 that 's some rich `` american pie . '' the lyrics to the famed don mclean song sold for $ 1.2 million tuesday morning at an auction held by christie 's . `` don mclean 's manuscript of ` american pie ' achieved the 3rd highest auction price for an american literary manuscript , a fitting tribute to one the foremost singer-songwriters of his generation , '' christie 's tom lecky said in a statement . mclean told rolling stone that it was time to part with the manuscript . `` i 'm going to be 70 this year , '' the singer and songwriter said in february . `` i have two children and a wife , and none of them seem to have the mercantile instinct . i want to get the best deal that i can for them . it 's time . '' over the years , `` american pie '' has become one of the most dissected and argued-about songs in the pop music canon . mclean has said that the opening lines were inspired by the death of buddy holly , but after that , it 's all been conjecture -- which has n't stopped a marching band 's worth of analysts from trying to parse the symbols in the 8-minute , 33-second opus . is the jester bob dylan ? the football game vietnam ? the `` girl who sang the blues '' janis joplin ?  one thing 's certain : buddy holly 's plane was not named `` american pie . ''  . `` over the years i 've dealt with all these stupid questions of ` who 's that ? ' and ` who 's that ? ' '' mclean said . `` these are things i never had in my head for a second when i wrote the song . i was trying to capture something very ephemeral and i did , but it took a long time . '' the song catapulted the former folk singer to headliner status . the song hit no. 1 in early 1972 , despite its length .  the 45-rpm single split the song in half on its a and b sides .  . the draft that was auctioned is 16 pages : 237 lines of manuscript and 26 lines of typed text , according to christie 's . it includes lines that did n't make the final version as well as extensive notes -- all of which should be revealing , mclean said . the record for a popular music manuscript is held by bob dylan 's `` like a rolling stone , '' which sold for $ 2 million in june . opinion : what 's so great about ` american pie ' ?
 kanye west has settled a lawsuit with a paparazzi photographer he assaulted -- and the two have shaken on it . the photographer , daniel ramos , had filed the civil suit against west after the hip-hop star attacked him and tried to wrestle his camera from him in july 2013 at los angeles international airport . west pleaded no contest last year to a misdemeanor count of battery over the scuffle . a judge sentenced him to two years ' probation , as well as anger management sessions and community service . ramos and his lawyer , gloria allred , sought general and punitive damages in the civil suit , saying that west had interfered with the photographer 's rights to pursue a lawful occupation . the case had been set for trial next week , but allred issued a statement tuesday night saying ramos ' side had filed a dismissal `` because the case was settled to the satisfaction of the parties . '' she did n't disclose the details of the settlement other than saying that `` one important aspect of it was an apology by kanye west to our client , daniel ramos . '' her statement included a picture of west and ramos shaking hands , which she said happened after the apology . the original incident was caught on video , including the following exchange . `` kanye ! kanye ! talk to me , kanye ! '' ramos shouts outside a terminal at the los angeles airport on the night of july 19 , 2013 . `` what 's ' going on ? why ca n't we talk to you ? i mean , why ? '' he asks as west moves through a group of paparazzi . `` now come on , kanye , i do n't want to fight with you , '' he says as west advances toward him . `` i told you , do n't talk to me , right , '' west says . `` you 're trying to get me in trouble so i step off and have to pay you like $ 250,000 . '' west is then seen rushing the photographer and attempting to wrestle his camera from his hands . west retreats after about 15 seconds of scuffling with the photographer . `` we believe that this case sent an important message , '' allred said . `` celebrities are not above the law , and they have no right to physically attack someone simply because they were asked a question . '' beverly hills police investigated an incident in january 2014 in which west was accused of assaulting a man at a beverly hills chiropractor 's office . west avoided criminal charges by reaching a civil settlement with the man . kanye west apologizes to beck , bruno mars . cnn 's sonya hamasaki contributed to this report .
 buzz has surrounded hbo 's new documentary `` going clear : scientology and the prison of belief , '' but scientologist john travolta is not a fan . travolta told the tampa bay times that he has not seen the documentary , `` and i do n't really care to . '' `` i 've been so happy with my  scientology  experience in the last 40 years that i really do n't have anything to say that would shed light on  a documentary  so decidedly negative , '' travolta said . the actor , one of the church of scientology 's most high-profile members along with stars like tom cruise and kirstie alley , is premiering his new film , `` the forger , '' in clearwater , florida . the hbo documentary is based on the book `` going clear : scientology , hollywood , and the prison of belief '' by lawrence wright and is critical of the organization , which has close ties to the showbiz industry . travolta said he believed the doc was a result of `` people who were disgruntled with their experiences '' with the church of scientology , which he touted as a positive experience for him . `` i have n't experienced anything that the hearsay has  claimed  , so why would i communicate something that was n't true for me ? '' travolta asked . `` it would n't make sense , nor would it for tom  cruise  , i imagine . '' he called scientology `` brilliant '' and credited the church with helping him to survive the death of his teen son , jett , after a seizure while the family was on vacation in the bahamas in 2009 . `` oh , my god , i would n't have made it , '' said travolta , whose wife , kelly preston , is also a member . `` honestly . ''
 blues legend b.b. king was hospitalized for dehydration , though the ailment did n't keep him out for long . king 's dehydration was caused by his type ii diabetes , but he `` is much better , '' his daughter , claudette king , told the los angeles times . the legendary guitarist and vocalist released a statement thanking those who have expressed their concerns . `` i 'm feeling much better and am leaving the hospital today , '' king said in a message tuesday . angela moore , a publicist for claudette king , said later in the day that he was back home resting and enjoying time with his grandchildren . `` he was struggling before , and he is a trouper , '' moore said . `` he was n't going to let his fans down . '' no more information on king 's condition or where he was hospitalized was immediately available . b.b. is short for blues boy , part of the name he used as a memphis disc jockey , the beale street blues boy . he was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1987 , and has 30 grammy nominations . king , 89 , has used various models of gibson guitars over the years , and named each one of them lucille . in the 1980s , gibson officially dropped the model number on the guitar he used last and most . it became a custom-made signature model named lucille , manufactured exclusively for the `` king of the blues . '' some of his hits include `` the thrill is gone , '' which won him his first grammy in 1970 , `` there must be a better world somewhere '' and `` when love comes to town , '' a collaboration with u2 . last year , the bluesman suffered from dehydration and exhaustion after a show in chicago , forcing him to cancel the remainder of his tour . cnn 's greg botelho and sonya hamasaki contributed to this report .
 rebekah gregory blinked back tears as she thought about the verdict . it had been almost two years since dzhokhar tsarnaev and his brother planted bombs at the boston marathon , setting off deadly explosions that wounded her and hundreds of others . in court last month , she testified that one of the blasts on that day in 2013 left her lying in the street , staring at her own bones . now , jurors have found him guilty on all 30 counts he faced for the deadly bombings and their aftermath . but no verdict can ever totally make up for the pain , she said . `` i do n't believe that there will ever be justice brought to this , no mater if he does get the death penalty or he remains in prison for the rest of his life , '' she said , crying as she spoke to reporters outside her texas home . `` i do believe , however , that he should be held accountable for his actions . and i 'm very thankful for each of the jury members that are making him do that . '' gregory , who wrote a widely publicized letter to tsarnaev after testifying , said the trial has left her and other victims reeling from a flood of emotions as they relive horrifying memories , but it 's an important step . `` everything is being brought up again full force . our lives will never ever be the same , but i hope with this we can move forward and remember that we are still here for a reason , that there 's a bigger plan , '' she said . `` i may be standing on one fake leg , but i 'm standing here , stronger than ever , because someone tried to destroy me , and he failed . '' for gregory and others who lived through the 2013 attack , wednesday 's verdict brought a mix of emotions , from triumphant vows to move forward , to expressions of gratitude , to debate over whether tsarnaev should be sentenced to death . there were no outbursts inside the federal courthouse in boston . in fact , there was barely any peripheral noise as people sat on the edges of their seats . as tsarnaev fidgeted and scratched the back of his head , some survivors and victims ' family members lowered their heads and dabbed tears . as cnn 's alexandra field noted from inside the courtroom , `` they 've waited a long time for this . '' the family of sean collier , a 26-year-old police officer shot to death in his patrol car on the campus of the massachusetts institute of technology , said tsarnaev and his brother , tamerlan , were terrorists who `` failed monumentally '' in striking fear in people . `` while today 's verdict can never bring sean back , we are thankful that dzhokhar tsarnaev will be held accountable for the evil that he brought to so many families , '' the collier family said in a written statement . to richard `` dic '' donohue , an mbta police officer left in a pool of blood after being wounded in a shootout with the tsarnaevs in watertown , the verdicts show that `` as a society , ... terrorism will not prevail , and we will hold those accountable for their acts against our nation . '' `` justice has been served today , '' donahue tweeted . survivor karen brassard said she needed to attend the trial to help her heal . she does n't believe dzhokhar tsarnaev 's brother tamerlan , now dead , persuaded him to take part in the plot , as the defense contended . dzhokhar , in her view , was `` all in . '' `` obviously we are grateful for the outcome today , '' brassard tolder reporters . `` it 's not a happy occasion , but it 's something that we can put one more step behind us . '' that sense of turning the page was echoed by bruce mendelsohn , who is among those who rushed to save lives at the marathon finish line . the verdicts mean that dzhokhar tsarnaev is no longer a bombing suspect -- he is now officially a `` convicted killer . '' you ca n't call it celebration . but there is a newfound peace of mind , at least , in and around boston . this was a community that suffered greatly after the bombing and subsequent manhunt . and they got through it by rallying around each other , a deep bond reflected in the mantra `` boston strong . '' that feeling was reaffirmed all around the city by wednesday 's verdict . and it 's evident in people like heather abbott , who lost her left leg below the knee . since then , she 's become a living example of someone who was n't stopped by the terror -- learning not only to walk again , but to run again . `` nothing can ever replace the lives that were lost or changed forever , '' abbott said wednesday on facebook . `` but at least there is some relief in knowing that justice is served and responsibility will be taken . '' that view was commonly shared . for those hurt -- physically , mentally , emotionally -- by the horrors of 2013 , wednesday was key to their progression . but it 's not the end of the road . just ask jeff bauman . the picture of him , bloodied , being rushed through the streets of boston by good samaritan carlos arredondo , became a symbol of the carnage and heroism from this attack . even after losing both his legs , bauman has become a symbol since of resilience -- moving on with his life , by marrying and fathering a child . on wednesday , bauman said the verdict `` will never replace the lives that were lost and so dramatically changed . '' `` but it is a relief , '' he added , `` and one step closer to closure . '' cnn 's ann o'neill and steve almasy contributed to this report .
 a popular chinese television host known for impromptu satire is now the subject of controversy after being caught on camera cursing the late chairman mao zedong . bi fujian , who works for state-run china central television , was filmed at a dinner party singing a revolutionary song that eulogizes the communist party 's early years when he started going off script . `` the communist party , chairman mao . do n't mention that old son of a b *** h . he made us suffer so bad , '' went bi 's improvised lyrics . the other dinner guests burst into laughter . bi later apologized . `` my personal speech has led to grave social consequences , and i feel remorseful for that . i hereby sincerely apologize to the public . as a public figure , i shall learn the lesson from this incident , adhering to strict self-discipline , '' he posted on weibo , china 's twitter-like social media platform . making disrespectful references to china 's leaders in public is considered a taboo in china , even today . and bi 's comment was directed at the man regarded by many as the country 's founding father -- despite his controversial reputation . the 75-second video clip , seemingly filmed on the cellphone of another dinner guest , was uploaded on monday . since then , it has been removed from video-sharing sites inside china , although it was still accessible on weibo . it 's unclear when the incident occurred , or what the relationsip was between the camera person and bi . cctv said it would investigate . `` as a cctv presenter , bi fujian 's speech in the online video has led to grave social consequences , '' the network said in a statement posted on its weibo account . cctv did not respond to a cnn request for comment . fondly known as `` grandpa bi , '' the 56-year-old tv personality was born and grew up in the mao era . the song bi riffed on was part of a `` red '' peking opera that was first performed in the late 1950s . it was popularized during the cultural revolution of the 1960s and 1970s -- which was launched by mao -- when china was torn apart by violence and social unrest . the video quickly divided china 's online community . critics said bi , as an influential public figure , deserved a harsh punishment . but others rushed to his defense , arguing that bi was simply enjoying himself in a private setting and was set up by whoever uploaded the clip . the video also emerged just a day before the new head of cctv started his job , leading some to wonder if it were a case of `` a new broom sweeps clean . '' mao still divides opinion in china . his giant portrait hangs on beijing 's tiananmen gate , and thousands flock to see his embalmed body at his mausoleum in tiananmen square in the heart of the chinese capital . but despite this reverence , mao 's is a deeply flawed legacy . many remember him as a brutal dictator who inspired fear , paranoia and famine , and whose actions resulted in tens of millions of deaths . cnn 's shen lu contributed to this report .
 tornado sirens blared wednesday night in kansas as several storms brought reports of twisters . spotters reported a tornado about 6 miles northwest of goddard , which is less than 15 miles west of wichita . that storm moved to the northeast , missing the city , but posing potential risks to other communities . `` there will be storms ... that pop up all night long , '' said cnn severe weather expert chad myers . `` nighttime tornadoes are the most deadly , are the most dangerous . '' other reports of tornadoes came in from southwestern kansas , according to the storm prediction center . three of the sightings were near aetna , 125 miles southwest of wichita . kansas was n't the only state affected by the storms . the national weather service indicated a tornado may have touched down in the small town of potosi , missouri , about 70 miles from st. louis . cnn affiliate kmov reported that it had received reports of wind damage and flooding in the town . one instagram user there posted a photo of a fallen tree . aerial footage also showed damage to roofs and one street overtaken by water . not far away from potosi , shyler and christin strube in leadington posted an instagram picture of some unusual dark clouds . and a twitter user in farmington got bad news when he went out to his car . `` they were n't kidding when they said baseball size  hail  , '' kevin knox wrote . on thursday , more storms are expected in the midwest , mississippi river valley , tennessee river valley and near the southern great lakes , the weather service said . cnn 's sean morris and anneclaire stapleton contributed to this report .
 anyone who has given birth -- or been an observer of the event -- knows how arduous it can be . but to do it live on the internet ? with two hooves sticking out for several minutes in the midst of labor ? luckily , katie -- a giraffe at the dallas zoo -- is a champ . in an hour-long labor captured by 10 cameras and streamed live by animal planet , katie gave birth to a not-so-little baby  about 6 feet tall  early friday evening . there was no immediate word on the newborn 's gender or condition . but there were good signs , as seen on the live stream and dallas zoo 's twitter feed -- like its ears moving , its efforts to stand , and its nursing  or at least trying to nurse  from mom . `` we 're so proud , '' the zoo tweeted . the newcomer 's debut was a long time coming , especially when you count for katie 's 15-month gestation period -- average for a giraffe , according to animal planet . the baby joins a sister , 4-year-old calf jamie . it was n't immediately known how many people online saw katie go into labor and give birth . but the giraffe definitely did have watchers in the form of fellow giraffes who saw the scene unfold from an abutting barn , one of them being katie 's bff jade . the fact that the spunky katie held up so well under the spotlight is n't a total shocker . the zoo describes her as the `` diva '' among a herd of 12 giraffes at the zoo who loves to `` toss her head around '' when she does n't like something . as animal planet noted , `` she 's one of the only giraffes at the dallas zoo who can stick her long tongue out on cue . '' cnn 's justin lear contributed to this report .
 where do you go from here ? the fourth season of `` game of thrones '' saw massive battles , major deaths  tywin !  and white walkers , but what can fans expect sunday as we head into a fifth season of one of the most popular shows in hbo history ? it 's the most high-profile premiere yet , airing simultaneously in 170 countries for the first time .  hbo is a time warner company , like cnn .  . we sought out `` thrones '' aficionado doug gross , a writer for nerdwallet and a former cnn employee , who had a few thoughts on the matter  beware , tv fans , he has read the books  . `` we 're going to start seeing some of the show 's major story arcs coming together , '' gross said  as confirmed by the executive producers  . `` already , stannis has shown up at the wall to save jon snow and the rest of the night 's watch from the wildlings , '' he said . `` now we 'll see how his quest for the iron throne collides with the watch 's supposedly non-political role protecting the realm . '' tyrion 's path should cross with daenerys ' this season , according to the trailers . `` season five also will be unique in that some of the major story arcs will clearly be moving ahead of where george martin is in the ` song of ice and fire ' books , '' gross pointed out . executive producer david benioff told rolling stone , `` we are starting to build to a crescendo , which means the battles have to get bigger and things have to get more dramatic . '' indeed , this fifth season means we 're past the halfway point , with the show currently set to end after seven years . the stark daughters , arya and sansa , will be the characters to watch this season , as will cersei . the world of westeros is constantly plagued by war , but is there a time when people have just had enough ? `` wars are waged by the nobles , but it 's the common folk who suffer , '' gross noted . `` and , this season , we 'll get a glimpse of what happens when those common people have had enough . ''
 the vii summit of the americas was supposed to be all about the symbolic handshake between the united states and cuba . but insert venezuela into the mix and panama city , panama , quickly turns into a `` triangle of tension . '' heads of state from 35 countries in the western hemisphere have met every three years to discuss economic , social or political issues since the creation of the summit in 1994 . cuba has historically been the wrench in the diplomatic machinery , with some latin american leaders threatening not to attend the summit of the americas if the united states and canada did n't agree to invite president raul castro . the tide changed december 17 , 2014 , when president barack obama and castro announced that more than five decades of cold war rivalry was ending . diplomats from both countries immediately began negotiations to establish embassies in havana and washington , and the attention immediately focused on the summit of the americas , where for the first time since the about-face , obama and castro would come face-to-face . the much anticipated handshake between obama and castro would steal all the headlines if it was n't for cuba 's strongest ally , venezuela . venezuelan president nicolas maduro recently accused the united states of trying to topple his government and banned former president george bush , former vice president dick cheney , and senators bob menendez and marco rubio from entering venezuela . `` they ca n't enter venezuela because they 're terrorists , '' maduro said , blaming the american politicians for what he called terrorist actions in iraq , syria and vietnam . the u.s. state department said the allegations of u.s. involvement in a coup plot against maduro were `` baseless and false . '' later , obama issued an executive order sanctioning seven venezuelan officials for human rights violations and saying the country was a `` threat to national security . '' white house officials said every executive order includes that language , but it has sparked a fiery response from maduro , who has been collecting millions of signatures demanding the repeal of the order . he also asked for repeal in full-page ads in the new york times and in a panama city newspaper . maduro did n't stop there ; he has been rallying other latin american leaders , including bolivian president evo morales , ecuador 's rafael correa and nicaragua 's daniel ortega . but perhaps most damning for the united states -- and creating the `` triangle of tension '' at the summit -- cuban foreign minister bruno rodriguez has sided publicly with maduro . `` we reiterate our strong condemnation of the unacceptable and unjustifiable unilateral sanctions imposed against the sister nation of venezuela and the continued foreign interference with the purpose of creating a climate of instability in that sister nation . we ratify our firmest support to the bolivarian revolution and the legitimate government headed by president nicolás maduro , '' rodriguez said . while the world watches for the photo-op of obama and castro , it 's unclear if more latin american diplomats will side with maduro , and for america , the vii summit of the americas could go from `` mi casa es su casa '' to a walk into the lion 's den .
 the outlines of a nuclear deal with iran are in place . unfortunately , it seems like too many in president barack obama 's administration have forgotten that the only reason this terrorist-supporting state came to the negotiating table in the first place was because of tough sanctions imposed by the u.s. congress . indeed , the reality is that president obama is giving up enormous leverage in his nuclear deal with iran -- and i worry we will lose it for good . bleeding money , and faced with falling oil prices , supreme leader ayatollah khamenei gave his government rare permission to bargain with the `` great satan '' -- the united states . but just as u.s. and european sanctions were forcing iran to the nuclear crossroads , president obama has given tehran an easy exit . for khamenei , the `` framework '' announced last week looks like a win-win : he gets to keep his nuclear infrastructure , and in return gets billions of dollars in sanctions relief . congress offered a better strategy when the top democrat on the foreign affairs committee , eliot engel , and i introduced a bill to hit tehran with its toughest sanctions yet . unfortunately , this bill -- which passed the house in a 400-20 vote -- was blocked in the senate last year , despite the fact that it would have sharpened the ayatollah 's choice : dismantle your nuclear weapons program or see your economy collapse . president obama once had a tougher line , when in 2012 he said : `` the deal we 'll accept is they end their nuclear program . it 's very straightforward . '' but the framework announced last week does nothing of the sort . negotiated between iran and the united states , russia , china , britain , france and germany , the framework concedes that iran can maintain `` a mutually defined enrichment program , '' operate thousands of centrifuges , and continue its research and development of nuclear technologies . the deal currently on the table would hand tehran billions of previously sanctioned funds , filling the coffers of the world 's biggest state sponsor of terrorism , with strongholds in syria , iraq , yemen and lebanon . meanwhile , the strictest restrictions on iran 's enrichment will expire in only 10 years , despite the president receiving a letter from 367 members of congress -- both democrats and republicans -- in which we insisted that `` verifiable constraints on iran 's nuclear program must last for decades . '' the president admitted as much when he conceded that `` in year 13 , 14 , 15 , they have advanced centrifuges that enrich uranium fairly rapidly , and at that point the breakout times would have shrunk almost down to zero . '' but as bad as these concessions are , the most concerning aspect of the april 2 deal is that it lacks tough safeguards to stop iran from cheating . the key question is this : will the inspectors at the international atomic energy agency be allowed to inspect these military sites without warning ? because if the iaea can not conduct `` anytime , anywhere '' inspections , iran will be able to `` sneak out '' to a bomb . it has been done before . remember , in 1994 , when president bill clinton told us he had struck a deal with north korea that would `` make the united states , the korean peninsula , and the world safer '' ? president clinton sounded a little too much like the current secretary of state john kerry , when he promised that the north korea agreement `` does not rely on trust '' and that `` compliance will be certified by the international atomic energy agency . '' twelve years after these assurances , north korea detonated its first nuclear bomb . iran could easily do the same . the best predictor of its future behavior is its past behavior -- between 2004 and 2009 , the iranian government built a huge centrifuge facility named fordo under a mountain deep in the iranian desert . luckily for the world , western intelligence agencies discovered tehran 's deception . but we can not rely on such luck in the future , particularly when iran still has n't come clean about its history of secret weapons development and is still dodging basic questions from the iaea . let 's not forget the other things iran has been doing while its diplomats have been bargaining with the u.s. and its partners . while iran was showing its friendly new face to the world , it has simultaneously been helping syrian dictator bashar al assad kill his own people , training and funding the terrorist group hezbollah , which aims to annihilate israel , and supporting the houthis , who started a civil war and overthrew the government in yemen -- one of america 's more reliable counterterrorism partners in the region . if president obama is going to hand over billions of dollars to a regime that behaves like this , run by a man who publicly declares : `` death to america , '' it has to be a better deal . the framework we have before us keeps iran 's nuclear door well and truly open .
 martin o'malley and jim webb share little in common . both democrats are toying with a presidential run , both are facing long odds in that endeavor , and both shared a stage at the polk county democrats awards dinner in des moines , iowa , on friday night . but , as was evident at the dinner , that is where the similarities end . o'malley is a former mayor and maryland governor who seems most at home when he is pressing the flesh at events and introducing himself to anyone who would extend their hand . webb , on the contrary , is a decorated vietnam war veteran and former senator from virginia who comes across as more stoic and , at times , uncomfortable with retail politics . before the event , o'malley confidently cruised the union hall . he took selfies with young environmental activists and chatted with sometimes tepid supporters who admitted their other political allegiances . `` it is a marathon , not a sprint , '' one man told o'malley , a nod to his long odds in the 2016 democratic nomination process . `` yes , it is ; it 's a marathon , '' o'malley responded . `` welcome to iowa , '' said another man . `` we hope to see you here more . '' o'malley smiled , `` thanks a lot . i hope you do , too . '' webb was n't nearly as active , opting instead to stay close to his seat near the front of the venue and chat with a small group of people around him . as webb cut into his sizable helping of pork , o'malley was standing directly behind him , shaking hands . the former virginia senator , after possibly seeing o'malley making the rounds , did stand up and shake hands with a few of the diehard democratic activists in the room . `` seven months old , '' zach smith , a new father , said of his baby boy , noah . `` i have a bunch of kids . the youngest one is 8 years old , '' webb said . the baby looked up at the senator . `` he is pretty calm , '' webb remarked , himself calm . despite coming from bordering states , webb and o'malley do n't know each other . when they passed each other in a des moines hotel lobby on friday morning , it was the first time the two had met . that said , the two democrats find themselves in the same position . hillary clinton , the former secretary of state who is set to announce her presidential bid sunday , leads every national and state poll of the democratic field . she has begun to build a sizable staff and is expected to have massive amounts of money to win the nomination . o'malley and webb are both looking up at her . in a march cnn/orc poll  pdf  of national democrats , only 1 % said o'malley and webb were their top choice . in a january poll from bloomberg politics and the des moines register  pdf  , o'malley was at 1 % among iowa democrats , while webb found himself at 3 % . the speaking portion of the night further showed webb and o'malley 's differences . webb , who spoke before the governor , gave a more subdued , biographical speech that mentioned three areas he would focus on if he ran for president : basic governance , economic justice and criminal justice reform . to the approval of the audience , webb promised to come back to iowa regularly . `` i am committing to you right now , '' he said , `` we are going to go over the whole state . '' and the biggest applause came near the end of his speech , when he urged his party to get back to talking about issues . `` money is ruining our political process , '' webb said to a chorus of applause and `` hear hear . '' o'malley , on the other hand , gave a speech littered with intentional applause lines . at points , the governor would deliberately stop to allow for the silence to be filled with clapping hands . `` when the american dream is denied , our lives shrink , our hopes fade , and our days unfold not in the light of possibility but in the darkness of fear , '' o'malley said , delivering the same stump speech he usually gives . `` to make the dream true again , we must fight for better wages for all workers , so that americans can support their families on what they earn . '' as the event wound down , webb and o'malley stuck around to shake more hands and meet people . o'malley , who spent the previous day in iowa , left friday night for new york . webb , who is in the midst of a four-day trip to iowa , stayed in des moines and headlined a veterans event on saturday morning in waterloo . webb regularly speaks about his service and appeared more at home at the event . he told war stories with young and old veterans and spoke at length about how the government could be doing more for veterans . he also touted his work on passing the 21st century g.i. bill of rights , a 2008 act that expanded education benefits for veterans , and stressed that more needed to be done . `` you want the next greatest generation , give them the same opportunity the the greatest generation had , '' webb said to applause . `` if you really want to thank them , hire a vet . '' after the event , webb shook hands with people veterans who told stories about dropped benefits and problems with the department of veterans affairs . he occasionally smiled and thanked people for coming on a sunny saturday morning . asked whether he enjoys the retail politics that is crucial in early voting states like iowa and new hampshire , webb smiled . skepticism of retail politics is not new for webb . as a one-term democratic senator , webb was rumored to loathe the burdens that came with campaigning , namely fundraising and retail politics . this time , he put on a rosy view . `` this is the good part of it , `` webb said , with a laugh . `` talking to the media , that is not always the good part . ''
 police officers saturday accompanied the hearse carrying the body of walter scott to his south carolina funeral service , where hundreds of mourners celebrated his life and death as a catalyst for change in america . a pair of officers on motorcycles were part of the large procession delivering the father of four -- who was fatally shot in the back by a police officer -- to a service open to the public . an overflow crowd gathered on a humid and occasionally rainy april afternoon at w.o.r.d. ministries christian center in summerville , which has a capacity of about 300 people . the flag-draped casket of the u.s. coast guard veteran was wheeled inside the church as scott 's relatives and friends followed . some dabbed tears ; others embraced . hundreds , including local officials , assembled inside the packed sanctuary -- in corridors , under an awning at the entrance , wherever they could stand . silence filled the vast space as scott 's daughter samantha read a poem of love dedicated to her father . anthony scott said god had selected his brother as a candidate for change in america . `` the change will come , '' he said , bringing to the crowd to its feet . the head of the church , george hamilton , spoke of how scott had brought members of his family to the church , of the agony of not only losing a family member but having to watch it happen on video . the death of scott , who was black , at the hands of a white police officer was `` motivated by racial prejudice , '' hamilton said . it was `` an act of overt racism . '' `` hate came because walter was an african-american , '' he said . hamilton said his remarks were not meant as an indictment of law enforcement , but he singled out the officer who killed scott as a `` disgrace to the north charleston police department . '' `` there is gong to be change , '' he said . `` walter 's death will not be in vain . '' after the service , pallbearers gently lifted scott 's casket into the hearse . crowds poured from the church . a slow-moving procession of black cars then made its way to live oak memorial gardens in charleston for the private burial . chris stewart , an attorney for the scott family , said the death represented more than an race issue . `` it 's a human issue , '' he said . `` we 're getting emails from people in arkansas telling us , ` i 'm a white male , and i 'm supporting this family . ' their son is going to be remembered for changing the way we look at each other . '' on friday night , scott 's open casket was draped with an american flag , and he was in a dark suit for his private visitation in charleston . a dallas cowboys banner -- his favorite nfl team -- was placed outside the casket , and a figurine of a cowboys player stood at his side . but scott 's family was missing . they needed privacy , said charleston mayor joseph riley , who attended . a week ago , scott was killed in north charleston after getting pulled over for a broken taillight . a passer-by caught the shooting on cell phone video , and officer michael slager was swiftly charged with murder . he was fired and faces life in prison or the death penalty if convicted . who was walter scott ? the video shows scott running from an officer , who fires eight shots . scott is struck five times ; he falls to the ground . `` nothing in this video demonstrates that the officer 's life or the life of another was threatened , '' national urban league president marc morial said . `` the question here is whether the use of force was excessive . '' but one witness is speaking of a struggle before the shooting . and at least one expert believes a murder charge may not hold up . on thursday , gwen nichols told cnn 's brian todd that she saw scott and slager scuffling at the entrance to a vacant lot . `` it was like a tussle type of thing , like , you know , like , ` what do you want ? ' or ` what did i do ? ' type of thing , '' nichols said . `` i did n't hear mr. slager saying ` stop ! ' '' nichols ' account has similarities to slager 's . he had told investigators that he had tussled with scott over his taser and that he feared for his safety . a timeline of events . criminal defense attorney paul callan said he believes slager 's defense will play up the reported scuffle in arguing that this is not a murder case . `` defense attorneys will say this was a heat of passion shooting --  that  this was something that he did suddenly after some kind of an altercation , a physical altercation with a suspect , '' callan said . `` and that would constitute manslaughter under law , as opposed to murder , and it makes a huge difference in sentencing . '' in south carolina , a murder conviction requires a measure of premeditation . but the account from the witness who recorded the cell phone video , feidin santana , paints a different picture . he was walking to work when he saw slager on top of scott , he said , who was on the ground . santana said he could hear the sound of a taser in use . he said he did n't see scott go after the taser , as slager initially claimed . he said he believes scott was trying to get away . `` mr. scott never tried to fight , '' santana said . neither the struggle nor the use of a taser was captured on video , because santana started recording shortly after that . investigators from the south carolina law enforcement division found troubling inconsistencies from the very start , it said in a statement . `` we believed early on that there was something not right about what happened in that encounter , '' division chief mark keel said in a statement . `` the cell phone video shot by a bystander confirmed our initial suspicions . '' slager 's lawyer , andy savage , has complained that he `` has not received the cooperation from law enforcement that the media has . '' savage 's office said in a statement that it has yet to receive `` any investigative documents , audio or video tapes , other than a copy of mr. slager 's arrest warrant . '' the news release added that the lawyer has been advised that the police union that slager belongs to `` is no longer involved in the case . '' charleston county sheriff al cannon said slager 's wife , jamie , who is eight months ' pregnant , and his mother had a visit with him at the county detention center friday . slager was being held in isolation and being `` monitored for his mental health , '' cannon said . in a statement , one of slager 's lawyers said the meeting lasted about an hour . `` his wife and mom were tearful but strong , and they were all very grateful for the chance to see him in person , even if separated by a thick pane of glass , '' the statement said . `` they held up family photos -- and even jamie 's ultrasound from earlier that day -- to remind him of all those who love him . throughout the visit , michael was focused on jamie and their baby and was very relieved to know that she is being shown so much love and support by their families . '' a second video , taken from a police dash cam , has also emerged from the day scott died . it shows moments before the shooting , when things seemed to be going smoothly between scott and slager . scott apparently tells the officer that he has no insurance on the vehicle , and slager returns to his car to do paperwork . then scott gets out of the car and runs out of the camera 's frame . scott was the subject of a bench warrant over $ 18,104.43 in unpaid child support at the time of the stop , according to court records . that was why he ran , lawyers for the family said after the funeral service . u.s. rep. james clyburn , d-south carolina , told reporters outside the service that scott lost a $ 35,000-a-year job the first time he was jailed for failing to pay child support . `` he said it was the best job he 's ever had , '' clyburn said . `` now you have to ask ... if you want to collect child support , there 's got to be income . and you ai n't going to make much income from jail . it seems to me that we need to take a look to how to deal with that issue without causing unemployment and the loss of freedom . '' on friday afternoon , police met with a man who was in scott 's car , but the passenger 's name was n't in a police report obtained by cnn . he was detained briefly after the shooting , one officer wrote in the report . scott family attorney chris stewart said he was a co-worker and friend . but he did not identify the passenger by name . on friday , a few mourners trickled into the fielding home for funerals . a white banner with a blue star near scott 's casket displayed his favorite nfl team . it said : `` tradition , the cowboys way . '' `` this is a heartbreaking tragedy for everyone in our community , '' said riley , the mayor . `` it breaks everyone 's hearts . '' cnn 's polo sandoval and martin savidge reported from charleston , and ben brumfield and ray sanchez reported and wrote in atlanta and new york .
 washington was rocked late thursday by shootings -- one at the gates of the u.s. census bureau 's headquarters and another in a popular area packed with restaurant patrons . the shootings were connected , authorities said . they began with what authorities believe was a domestic kidnapping incident , according to d.c. police chief cathy lanier . the suspect 's vehicle was spotted outside the census bureau , which is in suitland , maryland . a guard apparently approached the vehicle and saw two people arguing . that guard was then shot at least once in the upper body , said prince george 's county fire department spokesman mark brady . the guard was in extremely critical condition , according to brady . the police chief said the suspect then fled the scene . officers picked up the chase , and the suspect fired gunshots at multiple locations , lanier said . the chase ended in a crash on washington 's busy h street . a shootout ensues , lanier said . an officer and the suspect were wounded , according to the police chief . both were conscious and talking when they left the scene . `` right now , we have every reason to believe that the car that we have in this last incident here is the same car involved and the same person involved in the kidnapping , '' she said . lanier told reporters the kidnapping victim was located and is in good condition . she did not identify the suspect , nor the guard , nor the officer who were injured . steve brusk reported from washington . dana ford wrote from atlanta . cnn 's greg botelho also contributed to this report .
 an iranian military observation aircraft flew within 50 yards of an armed u.s. navy helicopter over the persian gulf this month , sparking concern that top iranian commanders might not be in full control of local forces , cnn has learned . the incident , which has not been publicly disclosed , troubled u.s. military officials because the unsafe maneuver could have triggered a serious incident . it also surprised u.s. commanders because in recent months iranian forces have conducted exercises and operations in the region in a professional manner , one u.s. military official told cnn . `` we think this might have been locally ordered , '' the official said . the incident took place as the u.s. and other world powers meet with iran in switzerland to negotiate a deal limiting tehran 's nuclear program . at the same time , iran has been active in supporting proxies in several hotspots in the persian gulf and neighboring regions . the navy mh-60r armed helicopter was flying from the deck of the uss carl vinson on a routine patrol in international airspace , the official said . an unarmed iranian observation y-12 aircraft approached . the iranian aircraft made two passes at the helicopter , coming within 50 yards , before the helicopter moved off , according to the official . the official said the helicopter deliberately broke off and flew away in a ` predictable ' manner so the iranians could not misinterpret any u.s. intentions . the navy helicopter was in radio contact with the ship during the encounter , but there was no contact between the two aircraft and no shots were fired . the navy crew took photos of the incident but the military is not releasing them . the u.s. administration is considering a potential demarche protest against iran , the official said . cnn has reached out to iranian officials but has not received a response . this type of iranian observation aircraft generally operates over the gulf several times a month . but after the recent incident , u.s. naval intelligence did not see it again for two weeks , leading to the conclusion that the incident may have been ordered by a local commander who was then reprimanded by higher-ups . the pentagon has noted for the last several years that most encounters with the iranian military at sea or in air are conducted professionally , but that some missions run by iranian revolutionary guard corps forces have been too aggressive against u.s. forces in the area . the u.s. military 's concern has been that one of these incidents could escalate into a military encounter . this incident `` might have been buffoonery '' the official said , but there is always a risk from such actions . the incident comes as the navy patrols the gulf of aden to watch for iranian ships the u.s. believes are trying to bring weapons to resupply the houthi rebels in yemen . the navy would share such intelligence with saudi arabia , a second u.s. official told cnn .
 when liana barrientos was 23 years old , she got married in westchester county , new york . a year later , she got married again in westchester county , but to a different man and without divorcing her first husband . only 18 days after that marriage , she got hitched yet again . then , barrientos declared `` i do '' five more times , sometimes only within two weeks of each other . in 2010 , she married once more , this time in the bronx . in an application for a marriage license , she stated it was her `` first and only '' marriage . barrientos , now 39 , is facing two criminal counts of `` offering a false instrument for filing in the first degree , '' referring to her false statements on the 2010 marriage license application , according to court documents . prosecutors said the marriages were part of an immigration scam . on friday , she pleaded not guilty at state supreme court in the bronx , according to her attorney , christopher wright , who declined to comment further . after leaving court , barrientos was arrested and charged with theft of service and criminal trespass for allegedly sneaking into the new york subway through an emergency exit , said detective annette markowski , a police spokeswoman . in total , barrientos has been married 10 times , with nine of her marriages occurring between 1999 and 2002 . all occurred either in westchester county , long island , new jersey or the bronx . she is believed to still be married to four men , and at one time , she was married to eight men at once , prosecutors say . prosecutors said the immigration scam involved some of her husbands , who filed for permanent residence status shortly after the marriages . any divorces happened only after such filings were approved . it was unclear whether any of the men will be prosecuted . the case was referred to the bronx district attorney 's office by immigration and customs enforcement and the department of homeland security 's investigation division . seven of the men are from so-called `` red-flagged '' countries , including egypt , turkey , georgia , pakistan and mali . her eighth husband , rashid rajput , was deported in 2006 to his native pakistan after an investigation by the joint terrorism task force . if convicted , barrientos faces up to four years in prison . her next court appearance is scheduled for may 18 .
 i remember the day i stopped praying . it was the day after my little brother , jimmy , died of cancer . he was 25 . i was so angry at god . i was 27 at the time , and , like most young people i had stopped going to church . but , on that day -- that terrible day -- i desperately needed to understand why god took my brother . i called the nearest catholic church , looking for a priest . a lady picked up the phone . `` can i talk with father ? '' i asked . i wish i could say her answer was `` yes . '' instead , she asked me if i was a member of that particular parish . `` does it matter ? '' i asked .  at the time i lived far from my home parish .  i do n't remember how she responded , but the answer about my being able to see father was clearly no . i do n't know if all catholic churches would have shut me out , but i figured , at the time , it was part of the long list of rules the vatican required catholic leaders to follow . i cried for a bit , then decided i would never ask god for anything . clearly , his conduits on earth did not have time for me -- a lifelong catholic -- and sinner -- so why would he ? ever since , i 've considered myself a lapsed catholic . until pope francis . there is something about francis that 's reawakened my faith . and it 's not because he opened the floodgates to allow sin in the eyes of the church . he still argues against things i passionately support , but i find myself -- like many other lapsed catholics -- enthralled . recently i had the pleasure of meeting one of the pope 's newly appointed cardinals . his name is cardinal gerald lacroix . the 57-year-old presides at the basilica cathedral of notre dame in quebec city . one of my first questions : what is it about pope francis ? `` every person is a mystery you know . ... but what 's evident is this man is living with such freedom , such inner freedom . he 's himself . he 's in tune with the lord , '' lacroix told me . `` those close to him say he 's up close to 4 in the morning to prepare his daily mass , which is at 7 in the morning on the weekdays . so that 's almost three hours of prayer , preparation and silence before the lord and the word of god . wow , that really fine-tunes you to start off a day . '' perhaps that 's how the pope stays humble . why he defies tradition and washes the feet of the disabled , women and those of other faiths . why he ordered showers to be built for the poor in st. peter 's square . all of this is appealing , but it 's more than that . in my mind , it 's his tone . when pope francis said , `` if a person is gay and he searches for the lord and has good will , who am i to judge ? '' the comment took me aback . homosexuality has long been a taboo subject for the vatican , yet pope francis uttered those welcoming words . lacroix likened the pope 's approach to jesus . `` jesus did n't judge . jesus did not come as a judge . he came as someone who preached and talked about the love of god . '' those kinds of answers are so different in my experience , but i understand why more conservative catholics worry . if the pope does not judge , then who will tell us who is a sinner and who is not ? `` i hear that sometimes , too , '' lacroix told me . `` i think pope francis is conservative in the right way . you have to be conservative enough to come back to what is the foundation : that 's the gospel . you can not reproach pope francis of not living the gospel , or not preaching the truth of the gospel . '' but is n't homosexuality a sin in the eyes of the church ? `` there is room for everyone . the door is open , '' cardinal lacroix insisted . `` of course you know that the catholic church will never promote same sex marriage , but do we respect homosexual persons ? do we welcome them ? do we accompany them ? of course . but to respect the church and its teaching , which is based on a long tradition and also the word of god , we will not go so far as to bless . but that does n't mean we reject . '' that last sentiment -- `` that does n't mean we reject . '' -- did it for me . i finally understood why pope francis reawakened my faith . i always felt my church would reject me for committing the smallest of sins . like calling a priest at a church that was not my home parish . like not covering my head with a traditional veil at easter . like accidentally eating meat on holy friday . like supporting the use of contraception . but as lacroix told me , jesus walked with sinners until the very end . he did not banish them to fires of hell , for he refused to give up on anyone . the cardinal 's last words to me : `` i 'm trying to do my best on  the  local level -- to have an open ear to what the church and world are experiencing . to see how we can today respond to those needs . i want people to see me , and the church , as an open heart to grow together . not a church that 's imposing -- we have nothing to impose -- we have someone to propose : the lord jesus and his gospel . '' i ca n't wait to go church next sunday . and , yes , i will bow my head and pray for forgiveness , and if i 'm worthy , christ 's love .
 mullah mohammed omar is `` still the leader '' of the taliban 's self-declared islamic emirate of afghanistan . that appears to be the primary message of a biography , just published by the taliban , of the reclusive militant who is credited with founding the group in the early 1990s . the taliban 's `` cultural commission '' released the 11-page document in several different translations on the movement 's website , ostensibly to commemorate the 19th anniversary of an april 4 , 1996 , meeting in afghanistan 's kandahar province when an assembly of afghans swore allegiance to omar . several afghan observers say the biography is aimed at dispelling rumors of omar 's demise . `` there have been a lot of rumors lately about him . some people are saying that he is not alive , '' said sayyed muhammad akbar agha , a former taliban insider who has written an autobiography about his days with the movement . `` i think the taliban thought it was an important time to release his biography to give assurances that he is alive and present , '' agha told cnn in a telephone interview . bergen : why u.s. must stay in afghanistan past 2016 . the biography also appears to be an attempt to remind the world of the afghan 's jihadi leadership credentials , at a time when isis leader abu bakr al-baghdadi has declared himself `` caliph '' of the world 's muslims . `` the taliban has a huge leadership problem at a critical political moment , '' said graeme smith , a kabul-based analyst for the international crisis group . `` another caliph has announced himself to the world , and the taliban has been silent . and that is getting noticed by militants across south asia . '' omar was famously camera-shy during the taliban 's six-year rule over most of afghanistan . to this day , there are only a handful of photographs of the one-eyed leader . `` he never was actively involved in any of these propaganda campaigns . no publicity . no interviews . he never used the internet , '' said rahimullah yusufzai , a pakistani journalist and expert on afghanistan who once interviewed osama bin laden . omar then all but disappeared after a u.s.-led bombing campaign routed the taliban from kabul in 2001 . washington has offered a $ 10 million reward for his capture . the taliban have released written statements purportedly made by the leader-in-hiding . but years without any video or audio recordings of the fugitive have led to growing speculation that omar may have died . the biography challenges rumors of omar 's death by offering a description of his daily work schedule , which begins with prayers , study of the quran , and then delivering `` orders in a specific way to his jihadi commanders . '' the publication also seeks to fill in some of the gaps about the militant 's early years , including the detail that his `` preferred weapon of choice '' was the rpg-7 , a rocket-propelled grenade . according to the biography , omar was born in 1960 in a village called chah-i-himmat in afghanistan 's kandahar province . his father , a `` well-known and respected erudite and social figure , '' died only five years later , apparently of natural causes . omar studied at a religious school , or madrassa , run by his uncle . the rise of the communist party in afghanistan , and the subsequent 1979 soviet invasion , interrupted the young man 's studies and propelled him into the arms of the armed afghan opposition known as the mujahedeen . for the next decade , omar commanded rebel groups `` against the invading russians and their internal communist puppets , '' according to the biography . along the way , he was wounded a number of times and was blinded in his right eye . in one battle , the biography claims , omar and a fighter named mullah biradar akhund destroyed four soviet tanks , even though they were armed with only four rpg rounds . the taliban biography makes no mention of the fact that the u.s. , allied with saudi arabia and pakistan , helped arm and bankroll the mujahedeen until the soviet army withdrew in defeat in 1989 . afghan historians have documented the rapid rise of the taliban in the chaotic years after the communist government in kabul collapsed in 1992 . the movement of warriors who identified themselves as religious scholars emerged to bring order to a country being ripped apart by rival mujahedeen warlords who battled one another for power . the taliban biography says that omar and his compatriots `` launched their struggle and fight against corruption and anarchy '' after an initial meeting in kandahar in june 1994 . two years later , the taliban captured kabul and began imposing its austere interpretation of islamic law on the rest of the country . while the document denounces the taliban 's post-9 / 11 overthrow at the hands of a u.s.-backed coalition of rival afghan fighters , it makes no mention of the taliban 's alliance with bin laden and al qaeda . during a decade in exile , the saudi-born bin laden continued to release periodic video and audio statements until he was killed by u.s. raid on his hideout in the pakistani city of abbottabad in 2011 . though taliban militants have continued to battle the u.s.-backed government across afghanistan , omar has not been seen or heard from in years . the movement claims he continues to oversee a taliban leadership council , judiciary and nine executive commissions , as well as military commanders who operate in all 34 provinces of afghanistan . exclusive : isis ` recruits afghans ' in chilling video . cnn 's masoud popalzai contributed to this report from kabul , afghanistan .
 an amnesty international report is calling for authorities to address the number of attacks on women 's rights activists in afghanistan . the report , entitled `` their lives on the line , '' examines the persecution of activists and other champions of women 's rights not only by the taliban and tribal warlords , but also by government officials . its publication is timely . the brutal murder of farkhunda , a young woman in afghanistan , whose body was burnt and callously chucked into a river in kabul , shocked the world . accused of burning pages from the muslim holy book , the quran , many protested the 27-year-old 's innocence . but what also made international headlines was the fact that for the first time in history , women in afghanistan became pallbearers , hoisting the victim 's coffin on their shoulders draped with headscarves , under the gazes of men ; unreservedly sobbing and shouting messages of women 's solidarity as they marched along the streets . in a country ranked in 2011 by a thomson reuters foundation poll as the most dangerous place in the world for women , this feminist act seemed perilous . latest figures suggest they were risking their lives to be heard . in 2013 , the u.n. assistance mission in afghanistan  unama  released statistics that showed the number of women killed in the country had increased by 20 % from the previous year , although the number of civilian victims had decreased , said amnesty in the report . the special representative of the u.n. secretary-general in afghanistan at the time , jan kubis , told the u.n. security council that `` the majority  of women killed  is linked to domestic violence , tradition , culture of the country . `` women activists have been deliberately targeted . '' and according to the human rights group , little support has come from those in power . `` the afghan government has done very little to protect them , '' amnesty 's afghanistan researcher , horia mosadiq , tells cnn . `` perpetrators almost always walk free , and threats reported by women rights defenders are often simply ignored . `` many women defenders we spoke to said that even when they received some protection from authorities , it was often significantly less than what male counterparts or colleagues were afforded . '' during the attack on farkhunda , `` many eyewitnesses have testified that police officers stood idly by while this woman was being lynched and killed , '' says mosadiq . twenty-six people were arrested and thirteen police officials suspended in connection with the attack , but she argues that this is insufficient . `` suspending police officers is not enough , those who failed in their duty must also be held to account -- anything less will just encourage further mob violence . '' but what is striking is the resilience of the activists , who continue their work despite their lives being on the line . `` it was a remarkable moment , '' says mosadiq , recalling the female protesters at farkhunda 's funeral . `` unlike anything i have seen in my decades of campaigning for women 's rights in our country . '' selay ghaffer , 32 , is a women 's rights activist and spokesperson for the solidarity party of afghanistan -- a small but outspoken political party based in kabul and twenty provinces that fights for issues such as democracy , social justice and women 's rights . the party was the first to be banned in the country for accusing afghan leaders and commanders of war crimes and demanding that they be brought to justice . taking part in farkhunda 's funeral and protests against her death , she tells cnn that despite the onslaught of violence against afghan women over the years , this was the worst case . but the opportunity was taken to deliver a clear message . `` so the women of afghanistan showed that we will not keep silent anymore ... and we are not ready to accept more brutality and violence against women , '' said ghaffer . `` so this is why we decided to carry the dead body of farkhunda on our own shoulders and show to the world that not only men can do it and somehow broke the traditionalism that  a  man has to do this job . '' surprisingly , she says that male onlookers supported their mission , although they are in the minority overall in the country . `` men  at the funeral  , they said you have to do this , because this is how you can change the hatred in afghanistan . `` without men , it is not possible for women to get their rights , '' she says . `` so these men and women were working together . but at the same time , women need to step forward for their rights . '' mosadiq says the fight for women 's rights was established a while ago . `` women 's activism in afghanistan is nothing new -- the women 's rights movement has grown substantially since 2001 , and has fought for and achieved some very significant gains . `` these gains are under threat now , however , and some are even rolled back . it 's essential that the government and its international partners do not allow this to happen . '' ghaffer herself has been subject to threats because of her work , received through emails and phone calls , at her home and office . but she says she knew what she was getting herself into . `` i knew it was n't an easy task . there might be many challenges and you have to lose your life when you are going and struggling for your rights . `` as a woman , i want to struggle more  for my rights  , i want to have more people around me , to struggle with me . '' mosadiq says it is too soon to talk about a revolution , although the response to farkhunda 's killing , from both men and women , has been a `` silver lining . '' ghaffer , however , believes this is the beginning of an uprising -- but she says it needs to keep moving . interestingly , it was a man in her life that motivated her to fight . `` i must say strongly that it was my father  who inspired me  , who is not any more with me , because he ... died three months ago , '' she says . `` he always told me that women always suffered in this country , '' she says , her voice overcome with emotion . `` and you have to struggle for your rights . because in this traditional , patriarchal society , nobody will give these rights  to  you . '' she realizes how lucky she is , she adds , in a society where she has witnessed men -- fathers and husbands -- oppressing women as opposed to being their role models . ghaffer maintains that silence is an injustice to women , not least to the victim of the recent , horrific mob violence . `` so if i should not do it , if another sister is not doing it , then who will do it ? who will get the rights for us ? we have to struggle for it . `` if we keep our silence , more farkhundas will be killed in this country . ''
 hip-hop star nelly has been arrested on drug charges in tennessee after a state trooper pulled over the private bus in which he was traveling , authorities said . the 40-year-old rapper from st. louis , who shot to fame 15 years ago with the track `` country grammar , '' has been charged with felony possession of drugs , simple possession of marijuana and possession of drug paraphernalia , the tennessee department of safety and homeland security said . the state trooper stopped the bus carrying nelly and five other people on interstate 40 in putnam county on saturday because it was n't displaying u.s. department of transportation and international fuel tax association stickers , according to tennessee authorities . the trooper was about to conduct an inspection of the bus , a prevost motor coach , when he `` noticed an odor of marijuana emitting from the vehicle , '' authorities said in a statement . two troopers then searched the bus , finding `` five colored crystal-type rocks that tested positive for methamphetamine , as well as a small amount of marijuana and other drug paraphernalia , '' the statement said . the search also turned up several handguns and 100 small ziploc bags , which the statement said are commonly used for selling drugs . the guns included a gold-plated .50 - caliber desert eagle pistol , a .45 - caliber taurus pistol and a .500 smith & wesson magnum . nelly , whose real name is cornell haynes , was taken to the putnam county jail along with another passenger . he later posted bond and left the jail , the putnam county sheriff 's office said . cnn could n't immediately reach nelly 's representatives for comment saturday . cnn 's janet digiacomo contributed to this report .
 `` star wars '' fans will get more than they bargained for when the saga comes to digital hd on friday . the collection of the first six `` star wars '' movies will also include many special features , some of which give fans a rare glimpse behind the scenes of the saga . one focus of the features will be the sound effects of the movies , including that of the insect-like geonosians , as seen in `` star wars episode ii : attack of the clones . '' ` star wars ' universe gets its first gay character . in the exclusive first-look video , sound designer ben burtt explains which animals were used to capture the alien sounds made by the geonosians . take a look at the video above to find out . ` star wars ' films available for digital download for first time .
 hillary clinton is finally announcing her candidacy for the 2016 presidential election . although she has watched her standing in the polls sag in recent months , there is likely to be a boost in the days that follow the announcement . for democrats , there is ample reason to be excited about clinton 's run for the presidency . she is certainly one of the strongest candidates in many decades . she brings to the table extensive political and policy experience , a combination of skills that is often lacking . she has been through some of the roughest partisan wars and emerged stronger than ever before . she has a keen sense about the nature of the modern news media , how to use it to her advantage and how to survive scandal frenzies . she is a hardened , tough partisan who will not shy away from republican attack . americans have many positive memories of clinton name , given the booming economy of the late 1990s during bill clinton 's presidency . if hillary clinton puts together an effective campaign , she could be unbeatable in the democratic primaries as well as in the general election . however , during the buildup to her final decision , some of her weaknesses have also been exposed . clinton does n't want to end up like vice president al gore in 2000 . although he did relatively well in the final election  with many americans believing that he did actually defeat george w. bush  he did n't generate much energy once the campaign started . although he too was touted as a `` perfect '' candidate who was the ideal person for the job , something seemed stiff and inauthentic when he actually hit the trail . he seemed to freeze when the television cameras were rolling . gore had trouble connecting with voters , and he seemed to remake his image constantly . his biggest asset ended up being that he was viewed as the inevitable nominee , rather than what he actually stood for . clinton must avoid following gore 's path . she suffered this fate in the 2008 primaries and ca n't afford to do so again . she needs to do more than rest on the perception that her candidacy is inevitable and on her record of experience . that is not enough . more important is for her to put forth an exciting vision about what she would stand for in the white house . voters thirst for signs of greatness when they pick their presidents , even if they are savvy enough to understand that the reality of a polarized washington will probably limit her ability to achieve bold change . a recent story in the washington post suggests that her advisers are aware of this potential liability . after the announcement , they are going to avoid big rallies and events and instead concentrate on smaller events where she will meet with voters directly in states such as iowa and new hampshire . clinton also will have to contend with doubts about her authenticity . in his first day on the campaign trail , sen. rand paul immediately tapped into these concerns by raising questions about whether she could be trusted . that question has dogged the clintons ever since they came onto the national political scene in the late 1980s . their greatest virtue , their immense skills as politicians , has often come back to haunt them . bill clinton was attacked as `` slick willie '' by members of both parties for the perception that he would say anything to win and hillary clinton has faced similar criticism . when she tried to distance herself from her vote for the use of force in iraq , many democrats did n't buy her critique of president george w. bush 's foreign policies and went for barack obama instead . when she conducted her `` listening tour '' of new york before running for the senate , many voters saw it as a manufactured effort to hide the fact she was running for office as an outsider . when she explained that there was nothing to the recent stories about her use of a private email server rather than her state department email , some felt that even if the story was relatively minor it indicated that she was n't always telling us what she was really about . even if she is n't hiding anything , she often gives that appearance . during the next few months , clinton will also have to connect with her party 's base . the ongoing speculation about sen. elizabeth warren of massachusetts has suggested that the most active part of the democratic party is not that enthused with clinton 's candidacy . while they will probably vote for her , they are not very motivated and do n't trust that she will stand for democratic values . she will need to address these concerns , not through her style but through her agenda . voters will want to hear her talking about issues such as tougher financial regulation and policies to diminish economic inequality as well as her positions on race and policing . she will also need to make clear that she has heard voters on being too hawkish about going to war and give clear indications about how she would handle a nuclear agreement with iran . clinton will also have to contend with the gender bias that still exists in the electorate at large . without any doubt she will be subject to questions and comments -- about her appearance , for instance -- that wo n't be aimed at male candidates . part of her candidacy is itself an effort to break down these remaining vestiges of political sexism . but the struggle will be tough . finally , and this relates to the last challenge , clinton will have to contend with her husband . to be sure he can be an immense force on the campaign trail , one of the most compelling democrats of our generation . but he can also be liability . as she learned in 2008 , bill clinton is not always easy to control . when he speaks his mind , as he did in dismissive comments about obama 's candidacy , it can often work against her . the fund-raising records of the clinton foundation will also raise questions about conflict of interest , and ongoing stories about his personal life , as was the case when monica lewinsky returned to the media a few months ago , could re-emerge on the campaign trail . whether that is fair or not is beside the point : everything is fair game on the modern campaign trail . hillary clinton has the potential to be a hugely successful presidential candidate . but she and her campaign team will need to address the multiple questions and weaknesses that have become clear in recent months .
 martin o'malley told reporters in iowa on friday that inevitability -- a term bandied about regarding democratic presidential frontrunner hillary clinton -- is not unbreakable . `` i 've seen it before , '' the former governor of maryland and possible presidential contender said . `` history is full of examples where the inevitable frontrunner was inevitable right up until she was no longer or he was no longer inevitable . '' clinton was considered inevitable to win the nomination in 2008 but ended up losing to barack obama . o'malley had previously dropped the inevitability comment in a television interview last month . the former governor , who capped off his two-day trip to the first-in-the-nation caucus state with a speech to the polk county democrats in des moines , said that although clinton is an `` eminently qualified candidate , '' the democratic party is full of `` good leaders . '' `` history is full of examples where people who are not very well known nationally can be very well known once they are willing to make their case to the people of iowa , '' o'malley said . in some polls , he has scored in the low single digits in the state . in a march cnn/orc poll of national democrats , only 1 % picked o'malley . in a january poll by bloomberg politics and the des moines register , o'malley was also at 1 % among iowa democrats . clinton , who leads most polls by upwards of 40 points , is planning to launch her presidential candidacy on sunday through a video message on social media , a person close to her campaign-in-waiting told cnn on friday . while he would n't say much about clinton , when asked about her candidacy , o'malley said , `` if leaders believe that they have the experience and the framework to move our country forward , they should run . and they should engage with voters and our country would be the better for it . '' o'malley , like other democrats , appears to refrain from directly attacking clinton . although last month on abc , he said that the presidency is `` not some crown to be passed between two families , '' he has not focused on her . he has , however , openly teased a presidential run . `` i know that , as democrats , we expect -- and i have heard this all over the country -- the democrats expect a robust conversation about the issues we face as a nation and the challenges we face , '' he said . `` they believe that that conversation needs to take place in something as important as a presidential primary . '' he concluded : `` it would be an extreme poverty indeed if there was only one person willing to compete for our party 's nomination for president . ''
 an indian software pioneer and nine others have been sentenced to seven years in jail for their role in what has been dubbed india 's biggest corporate scandal in memory , police said . ramalinga raju , the former chairman of software services exporter satyam computers services , was also fined $ 804,000 , r.k. gaur , a spokesman for india 's central bureau of investigation , told cnn . in 2009 , satyam computers services was at the center of a massive $ 1.6 billion fraud case after its then-chairman raju admitted inflating profits with fictitious assets and nonexistent cash . investigators say losses to investors resulting from the company 's book manipulation were much higher . a special court convicted raju and nine other people of cheating , criminal conspiracy , breach of public trust and other charges , said the central bureau of investigation , which looked into the case . in the media , the case has been compared to the 2001 enron corp. scandal , in which a houston energy company 's earnings had been overstated by several hundred million dollars . when the scam made headlines , satyam , which means `` truth '' in sanskrit , was india 's fourth-largest software services provider . it was serving almost 700 companies , including 185 fortune 500 companies , and generated more than half of its revenue from the united states . the company had about 53,000 employees and operated in 65 countries . after raju 's shock disclosures six years ago , the indian government fired satyam 's board . in a subsequent state-backed auction , the company was bought by tech mahindra , part of the country 's mahindra group . a heavyweight of the nation 's software industry , raju , 60 , has been in jail for the past 32 months . he had founded satyam in 1987 . his company made giant strides as the outsourcing business grew in india in the 1990s .
 when photographer johan bavman became a father for the first time , he took more than a passing wonder about how his native sweden is said to be the most generous nation on earth for parental leave . he immersed himself in fatherhood -- twice over , you might say . he used his photography to document the real-life experience of other fathers taking full advantage of sweden 's extraordinary program , which allows mothers and fathers to take long , long leaves from their careers so they can care for their newborns . get this : sweden grants a total of 480 calendar days of parental leave , with 390 of them paid at 80 % of income , with a maximum of 3,160 euros a month or $ 3,474 . the remaining 90 days are paid at a flat-rate benefit of 20 euros a day , or $ 22 . but there 's a catch . fathers have to share that leave with mothers . so to promote both parents to raise their children , sweden has mandated that 60 of the 480 days be `` daddy months '' or `` partner months . '' if the 60 daddy days are n't used , they are lost , reducing the maximum leave to 420 days . the country also created a `` gender equality bonus '' : the more days that parents share the leave equally , they get a bonus that could total up to 1,500 euros , or $ 1,649 . the idea is for both parents to share the joys and struggles of raising infants . in reality , only 12 % of swedish couples equally share the 480 days of leave , bavman said , with women continuing to lead the way as the stay-at-home parent and men as the careerist . still , bavman mused last summer about how the policy impacts those men who use the full measure of their parental leave . social media . follow @cnnphotos on twitter to join the conversation about photography . at first , bavman had difficulty finding such men . but the fathers he did find and photograph , he captured their devotion in realistic imagery . `` i realized while i was talking to these dads , these dads are struck by how important the bonding is between you and the children , '' said bavman , who now has a 3-year-old son , viggo , with partner linda stark , a freelance journalist . `` i did n't want to bring out fathers as superdads , '' bavman said . `` i wanted to bring out these role models which people can connect to . `` i want to have those dads who can also show their tiredness ... which comes with being home with your children . it 's a hard full-time job . this is something that we have been taking for granted for hundreds of years . this is something that mothers have never been recognized for . '' he also found moments of humor , with one child nearly ripping apart the shirt of his busy father . the fathers have become more understanding of their wives and even their own mothers , bavman said . some are now considering a career change to accommodate their parenthood . `` being home nine months , they get time to think about their life , '' the photographer said . bavman is looking for a total of 60 fathers to photograph , to culminate in an exhibition and a book . so far he 's found 35 worthy of his lens . johan bavman is a freelance photographer based in malmo , sweden . from 2008-2011 , he worked as a staff photographer at sydsvenskan , one of sweden 's largest newspapers .
 craig hicks , who is charged in the deaths of three muslim college students in chapel hill , north carolina , earlier this year , can face the death penalty , a judge ruled monday , according to cnn affiliates . superior court judge orlando hudson jr. ruled that hicks ' case is `` death penalty qualified , '' wral and wtvd reported . the 46-year-old was arrested february 10 in the deaths of yusor mohammad , 21 , her 23-year-old husband , deah shaddy barakat , and 19-year-old sister , razan mohammad abu-salha . all three were shot in the head . hicks , who was the victims ' neighbor , turned himself in to police the night of the killings . the next week , he was indicted on three counts of first-degree murder and a count of discharging a firearm into an occupied dwelling . he had no prior criminal record , police said . police said `` an ongoing neighbor dispute over parking '' might have been a factor in the shootings but also said they were n't dismissing the possibility of a hate crime . on what is believed to be hicks ' facebook page , numerous posts rail against religion . the victims ' family members have called on authorities to investigate the slayings as a hate crime . the u.s. department of justice issued a statement in february saying the department 's civil rights division , along with the the u.s. attorney 's office for the middle district of north carolina and the fbi , have opened `` a parallel preliminary inquiry '' to determine whether any federal laws , including hate crime laws , were violated . `` it has always been our position that mr. hicks should be held responsible for his actions to the full extent of the law . his killing of three college students was despicable , and now he must face the consequences of his actions , '' said rob maitland , an attorney for hicks ' wife . karen and craig hicks are in the process of divorce .
 hbo just whetted our appetite for a new season of `` true detective . '' the network released a teaser video for season 2 of the critically acclaimed show , and it looks intense . colin farrell , vince vaughn , rachel mcadams and taylor kitsch star in the new season , which premieres june 21 . here 's the plot synopsis , according to den of geek : . `` a bizarre murder brings together three law-enforcement officers and a career criminal , each of whom must navigate a web of conspiracy and betrayal in the scorched landscapes of california . colin farrell is ray velcoro , a compromised detective in the all-industrial city of vinci , la county . vince vaughn plays frank semyon , a criminal and entrepreneur in danger of losing his life 's work , while his wife and closest ally  kelly reilly  , struggles with his choices and her own . rachel mcadams is ani bezzerides , a ventura county sheriff 's detective often at odds with the system she serves , while taylor kitsch plays paul woodrugh , a war veteran and motorcycle cop for the california highway patrol who discovers a crime scene which triggers an investigation involving three law enforcement groups , multiple criminal collusions , and billions of dollars . '' yes , please . the first season starred matthew mcconaughey and woody harrelson as a pair of louisiana state police detectives investigating the death of a young woman . the crime drama proved to be a runaway hit , and the season 1 finale crashed the hbo go site in march 2014 .
 the university of michigan has decided to proceed with a screening of the film `` american sniper '' despite objections from some students . more than 200 students signed a petition asking the school not to show the movie as part of umix , a series of social events the university stages for students . bradley cooper was nominated for an oscar for his portrayal of chris kyle , a navy seal and the most lethal sniper in u.s. military history . kyle was fatally shot at a texas shooting range in 2013 . some students believed the movie 's depiction of the iraq war reflected negatively on the middle east and people from that region . michigan 's detroit metropolitan area is home to the nation 's largest arab-american population . but there was a backlash to the decision to yank the movie , and a counter-petition asked school officials to reconsider . on wednesday , e. royster harper , university of michigan 's vice president for student life , said in a statement that `` it was a mistake to cancel the showing of the movie ` american sniper ' on campus as part of a social event for students '' and that the show will go on . `` the initial decision to cancel the movie was not consistent with the high value the university of michigan places on freedom of expression and our respect for the right of students to make their own choices in such matters , '' the statement said . umix will offer a screening of the family-friendly `` paddington '' for those who would rather not attend `` american sniper . '' the announcement drew praise from michigan head football coach jim harbaugh .
 lauren hill , who took her inspirational fight against brain cancer onto the basketball court and into the hearts of many , has died at age 19 . the indiana woman 's story became known around the world last year when she was able to realize her dream of playing college basketball . mount st. joseph university in cincinnati successfully petitioned the ncaa to move up the opening game of its schedule to accommodate her desire to play . hill died early friday . at a ceremony honoring her life on the school 's campus friday afternoon , head coach dan benjamin said the toughest thing a coach has to deal with is a loss . the community had lost more than a player , he said . it lost a friend and a daughter . and it lost `` an unselfish angel . '' `` it 's not often you get to celebrate a loss , '' he told the crowd as he struggled to hold in his tears . `` but today we celebrate a victory on how to live a life , through lauren hill .  no .  22 you will be missed and remembered by so many . '' an assistant coach read a quote from hill : . `` i encourage everyone to cherish every moment with no worry about the past or anxiety about the future . because the next moment is never promised . never leave anything unsaid . i have learned to see the blessings in every moment and through every struggle , no matter how tough it might be . nothing holds me back from living my life and chasing my dreams . i always finish what i start and see it through to the end . never give up on your dreams . find something to fight for ; i fight for others . '' hill would go on to help raise $ 1.4 million for pediatric cancer research with the nonprofit group the cure starts now . the organization called her a `` worldwide inspiration . '' `` lauren captured the hearts of people worldwide with her tenacity and determination to play in her first collegiate basketball game with her mount st. joseph university team , '' the group said on facebook . people we 've lost in 2015 . mount st. joseph university president tony artez said hill 's `` love and laughter will remain in our hearts . '' `` we are forever grateful to have had lauren grace our campus with her smile and determined spirit , '' artez said in a statement . `` she has left a powerful legacy . she taught us that every day is a blessing , every moment a gift . '' her principal at lawrenceburg high school , bill snyder , announced her death to students friday morning . `` lauren 's message was constantly positive , '' he told cnn . `` we all need to work together to beat obstacles . not just cancer . in any situation we can be positive . '' as news of her death spread , social media lit up with messages honoring her life . nba great lebron james called her the `` true definition of strength , courage , power , leadership . '' `` the greatest accomplishment we can achieve as humans is to inspire many , '' twitter user just_ap wrote . `` lauren hill did that . '' ncaa president mark emmert said hill 's `` enthusiasm and strength were an inspiration not only to those who knew her best , but also to the millions of people she touched around the world by sharing her story . '' `` lauren achieved a lasting and meaningful legacy , and her beautiful spirit will continue to live on , '' he said in a statement . hill was diagnosed with diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma in 2013 when she was a senior in high school . the rare brain tumor was inoperable , but hill persisted in playing on her high school team despite chemotherapy treatments . `` i never gave up for a second , even when i got a terminal diagnosis , never thought about sitting back and not living life anymore , '' she told cnn affiliate wkrc-tv at the time . she had already committed to play for mount st. joseph when she was diagnosed . in october , the school received permission from the ncaa to move up its first scheduled game so hill could play . in front of a sellout crowd , many wearing t-shirts bearing her name and slogan , `` never give up , '' watched the ballplayer score the first two points and the final layup of the game . `` today has been the best day i 've ever had , '' hill told the crowd after the game . `` i do n't know what to say but thank you . '' cnn 's jill martin , emanuella grinberg and faith karimi contributed to this report .
 a 32-year-old massachusetts man is facing murder charges , authorities said wednesday , four days after another man 's remains were found in a duffel bag . the middlesex district attorney 's office said that carlos colina , 32 , will be arraigned the morning of april 14 for murder in connection with the remains discovered saturday in cambridge . earlier this week , colina was arraigned on charges of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body . a middlesex county judge then revoked bail for colina in another case he 's involved in , for alleged assault and battery . the victim in that case is different from the one whose remains were found in recent days . police were notified saturday morning about a suspicious item along a walkway in cambridge . officers arrived at the scene , opened a duffel bag and found human remains . after that discovery , police say , a surveillance video led them to an apartment building , where more body parts were discovered in a common area . that location is near the cambridge police department headquarters . the remains at both locations belonged to the same victim , identified monday as jonathan camilien , 26 . camilien and colina knew each other , according to authorities . `` this was a gruesome discovery , '' district attorney marian ryan said . cnn 's kevin conlon contributed to this report .
 chris copeland of the indiana pacers was stabbed after leaving a trendy new york nightclub early wednesday , and two atlanta hawks -- who had just finished a home game hours before the incident -- were among those arrested , according to police and cnn affiliates . the hawks were not involved in the stabbing incident , police said , but were arrested on obstruction and other charges later . though new york police department det. kelly ort initially told cnn the incident occurred just before 4 a.m. at 1oak , a club in new york 's chelsea neighborhood known to draw celebrities among its clientele , the club later told cnn that the stabbing occurred in front of the fulton houses project down the street . `` 1oak staff was unaware of the incident when it happened , as it occurred beyond their view in a different location . however , 1oak 's team assisted mr. copeland to their fullest capabilities , and called for help as soon as he was seen walking back towards the venue , '' the statement said . the statement continued , `` a review of the video footage seems to reveal the incident did not originate from the venue or its immediate surroundings that are under 1oak supervision . '' copeland and a female companion , katrine saltara , were in the club for about 10 minutes before leaving and walking down the street toward fulton houses , where their car was parked , said a 1oak spokesperson . the spokesperson gave cnn additional details on condition of anonymity because 1oak 's legal team had approved only the club 's official statement . the suspect , who the spokesperson said never entered 1oak , stabbed copeland and saltara in front of fulton houses , and according to the club 's statement , `` mr. copeland 's driver sprang to accost and detain the apparent perpetrator and that individual is now in police custody . '' charges against the suspect are pending , and his name will be released once charges are filed , ort said . copeland and saltara tried to make their way back to the club to seek help from the 20 or so security personnel on hand , leaving a `` bloody trail of handprints '' between the site of the stabbing and the club , the spokesperson said . copeland `` almost landed right next to the club , '' the spokesperson said , adding that surveillance footage will not show the actual stabbing because it occurred too far away from the club . the club shut down immediately after the incident , the spokesperson said . a male and two females were taken to area hospitals , ort said . a knife was recovered , a suspect was arrested and two individuals not involved in the dispute -- the hawks ' pero antic , 32 , and thabo sefolosha , 30 -- were arrested on charges of obstructing governmental administration and disorderly conduct , she said . sefolosha faces an additional charge of resisting arrest , ort said . word of the stabbing quickly spread through the club , reaching antic and sefolosha , who went outside to check on their friend , copeland , the 1oak spokesperson said . at one point , the two began pushing their way through a crowd that had gathered around the scene , leading to their arrests , the spokesperson said . `` we will contest these charges and look forward to communicating the facts of the situation at the appropriate time , '' the players said in a joint statement released by the team . `` we apologize to our respective families , teammates , and the hawks ' organization for any negative attention this incident has brought upon them . '' the hawks are in new york for a wednesday night game against the brooklyn nets . neither player will be in uniform , the team said . police released little information wednesday , but local media identified the injured man as copeland , 31 , who is from orange , new jersey . the pacers released a statement saying copeland suffered a knife wound to his left elbow and abdomen , and he 's in stable condition at a new york hospital . `` we are aware that chris copeland was injured early this morning in new york city . we are still gathering information and will update when we know more . our thoughts are with chris and those injured , '' larry bird , the pacers ' president of basketball operations , said in a statement . copeland 's agent , john spencer , issued a statement saying , `` we 're concerned about the safety of chris and katrine . we do n't have any details at this particular time . all we can do is pray and wait . '' the nba and the hawks front office said they were looking into the incident . `` we are aware of the situation involving pero antic and thabo sefolosha this morning . we are in the process of gathering more information and will have further comment at the appropriate time , '' hawks spokesman garin narain said in an email . copeland 's pacers are slated to play the new york knicks on wednesday night . the pair apparently had only recently arrived in new york prior to their arrests , as both were on the court for the hawks ' 96-69 win over the phoenix suns in atlanta on tuesday night . antic played 12 minutes , and sefolosha played 20 . the game ended around 10 p.m. copeland , a former knick , was near the nightclub with saltara when a 22-year-old brooklyn man approached them , police told cnn affiliate wabc . there was some sort of dispute before the suspect stabbed the 6-foot-8-inch copeland in the abdomen , slashed saltara and then slashed another woman , the station reported . saltara suffered cuts to her arm , breast and buttock , and the other woman suffered a slash to her stomach , cnn affiliate wcbs reported . while wcbs reported that the second woman was 53 years old , wabc reported she was 23 . images published in the new york daily news showed a considerable amount of blood on the sidewalk and a white sports coupe , roped off with police tape , with several streaks of blood on its driver 's side . antic and sefolosha interfered with officers trying to establish a crime scene , and one of the hawks pushed a police officer , wabc reported . the hawks are preparing for a historic playoff run after clinching the no. 1 seed in the nba 's eastern conference . tuesday 's win over the suns marked a franchise-best 58 wins in a season for the club . the pacers sit in the conference 's 10th spot but are only one game out of playoff contention . cnn 's laura ly , jason durand and jill martin contributed to this report .
 a year after its cannes debut and finally seeing a theatrical release , `` lost river '' is still causing quite a stir . booed at its premiere and mocked by reviewers , ryan gosling 's first feature as director has been divisive , to put it mildly . but there has been one shining light cutting through the fog of critical hyperbole : its setting , a besmirched and decaying detroit . wavering on the brink of annihilation , yet providing kindling for its own rebirth , the city is captured in all its waning splendor , the perfect backdrop for gosling 's post-industrial gothic . speaking about the film in london , gosling made clear that the city was at the heart of the project -- in fact , without detroit 's crumbling edifices there would be no film at all . gosling said that `` lost river '' began as a collection of speculative shots of the brewster-douglass projects , the first black social housing development in america and a place motown legends the supremes and boxer joe louis once called home . `` i heard -lsb- the authorities -rsb- were going to tear them down , '' gosling said . `` i had to shoot them before they did . '' taking time out between acting jobs , he ventured into the projects . `` i started shooting more and more , '' he explained , `` and then i realized that i was making a film . then i started writing -lsb- the script -rsb- during the process of filming . '' gosling 's affection for the motor city is longstanding , the actor growing up `` not too far away '' in cornwall , ontario . `` it seemed like everything cool came from detroit ... the whole american dream , '' he reminisces . `` the model-t , motown , the refrigerator ... '' now though he references `` 40 miles of dead neighborhoods , '' the city declaring bankruptcy . `` houses are burning and things are being torn down , '' he says , `` and within that there are families trying to hold on to their homes . for them it has become a nightmare and i wanted to make a film about that . '' the title itself alludes to a once thriving community now displaced , its homes at the bottom of a reservoir built with little concern for the residents -- man-made interference with untold social repercussions . speaking in broader terms , gosling argues `` there are lost rivers everywhere and we wanted to share the experience these people were having . '' on screen he paints a nihilistic image of wanton destruction ; torched properties and bulldozers jostling for our attention amid acts of extreme human violence -- sometimes self-inflicted . the director plainly states that as a location it `` was pretty dangerous . '' he describes `` an energy there that was threatening ... we had a very charmed experience -lsb- filming -rsb- . it worked its way into the fabric of the movie -- a tone of impending threat that was just there . '' however there are signs of humanity and regeneration amongst the chaos , on camera and off . for the film 's young protagonist , every raid on an unoccupied house offers copper piping waiting to be recast and ultimately reclaimed . similarly , gosling references the heidelberg project during the discussion , a community organization in the city 's mcdougall-hunt neighborhood , reimagining derelict buildings as giant canvases for budding artists . he recalls seeing `` one house covered with teddy bears , another covered in clocks ... people taking spaces and personalizing them . '' the city 's scope for urban renewal was clearly a draw . `` something really interesting is happening in detroit at the moment -- a rebirth . people redefining what they are , '' according to gosling . `` there 's a resilience there and an energy , and it 's exciting . '' as much as the visual content of `` lost river '' revolves around a maudlin preoccupation with dereliction -- and perhaps plays on the outside world 's perception of detroit -- aspects of the narrative suggest hope and the possibility of reincarnation for the city . gosling claims this paradox should exist when discussing detroit , and is precisely what the film is trying to convey . `` we want people to know that dereliction is happening there , but that it 's not only what is happening there , '' he argues . `` it does n't define detroit , it 's just part of what it 's dealing with right now . '' `` lost river '' receives a limited theatrical release in the u.s. and uk on april 10 .
 all elizabeth sedway wanted was to leave paradise and head home . but she could n't . why ? because , according to her , she has cancer . that 's what she said in a video posted to facebook that shows her group packing up from their alaska airlines plane as it sat at the gate in hawaii . `` you 're taking me off the airplane because i do n't have a doctor 's note saying i can fly , '' a woman is heard saying . `` all these people are waiting , and i 'm being removed as if i 'm a criminal or contagious , because i have cancer and no note to fly . '' sedway did eventually get on a flight back to san jose , california , although she did n't get home until late tuesday night . and she got an apology . `` we regret the inconvenience ms. sedway experienced ... and are very sorry for how the situation was handled , '' alaska airlines spokeswoman bobbie egan said . '' ... while our employee had the customer 's well-being in mind , the situation could have been handled differently . '' her cancer fight notwithstanding , sedway was in hawaii in time to celebrate her 14th wedding anniversary . still , on monday , she was on a plane to head east . then , according to her facebook post , an airline employee who saw sedway seated in the handicapped section asked her how she was doing . the second time she inquired , sedway wrote that she responded by saying she sometimes felt weak . that was followed by a call to a doctor , then her removal from the plane . egan , the alaska airlines spokeswoman , acknowledged that the carrier 's policy when someone has a medical issue is to call medlink , a group of er nurses and doctors . the idea , she explained , is that `` it is better to address medical issues or concerns on the ground rather than in the air , especially on flights to or from hawaii '' -- which in that case would last five-plus hours over open ocean . the decision to pull sedway from the flight was done with `` the customer 's well-being '' in mind , according to egan . still , that does n't mean it was the right decision . alaska airlines since apologized to sedway `` for the disruption this has caused , '' in addition to refunding her family 's tickets and paying for their overnight accommodations . '' even though she was stuck in hawaii , sedway made clear on facebook that this was a real `` disruption . '' `` because of this , i will miss my chemotherapy , my children will miss school and my husband will miss important meetings , '' she said .
 it took prosecutors months to present 131 witnesses to support their claim that former nfl star aaron hernandez killed semi-pro player odin lloyd . on monday , hernandez 's defense gave its side of the story , wrapping up its witnesses in less than a day . hernandez , 25 , is on trial for the shooting death of lloyd , whose body was found in a massachusetts industrial park in june 2013 . now that the defense has rested , it wo n't be long before the jury begins deliberating . much of the evidence in the former new england patriots ' case is circumstantial . here are some key points jurors will have to consider after each side makes closing arguments on tuesday : . as news spread that hernandez was under investigation in june 2013 , patriots owner robert kraft called in the tight end for a meeting two days after lloyd 's death . `` he said he was not involved , '' kraft testified last week . `` he said he was innocent , and that he hoped that the time of the murder incident came out because he said he was in a club . '' there 's only one potential problem with that claim : the time lloyd was killed had n't been made public yet by the time hernandez met with kraft . so how could hernandez have known when lloyd was killed ? `` what a great , great witness for the prosecution , '' cnn legal analyst mel robbins said . `` basically what happened is aaron hernandez lied to his boss . and the only way you rebut it is if you put him on the stand . '' when questioned by a defense attorney , kraft said that he 'd never had any problems with hernandez and that the player was always respectful to him . hernandez 's fiancee , shayanna jenkins , revealed for the first time last week that hernandez told her to dispose of a box from the couple 's home that she said reeked of marijuana . she also said she did n't know what was in the box . that revelation may contradict the prosecution 's contention that the weapon used in the killing was in the box . the murder weapon in the case has not been recovered . during cross-examination by the defense , jenkins testified that she suspected marijuana because the box smelled `` skunky . '' earlier , she told prosecutors during direct examination that she did n't know what was in the box . she said hernandez never told her , and she never looked . after concealing the box with her daughter 's clothing , jenkins said she threw it away in `` a random dumpster '' but could not remember exactly where . much testimony has focused on the shoes hernandez wore the night lloyd was shot . a nike consultant testified that hernandez was wearing nike air jordan retro 11 lows . about 93,000 pairs of that shoe were made , significantly fewer in a size 13 . the shoe 's sole makes a distinct impression , said lt. steven bennett of the massachusetts state police . the consultant testified under questioning from defense attorney jamie sultan that other nike shoes -- more than 3 million -- make the same impression . yet bennett , who works in crime scene services , testified that the footprint left near lloyd 's body was `` in agreement '' or consistent with the air jordan retro 11 lows size 13 . although he did not have the shoes that hernandez wore that night , he used an identical pair to make his determination . bennett did so by creating a transparency of the sole and laying it over a photo of the footwear impression . jurors watched as he drew lines showing how the sole aligned with the impression . what may have been a key moment for the prosecution was quickly derailed by defense attorney jamie sultan . sultan questioned the science behind analyzing footprints . he introduced a march 2014 investigative report written by bennett saying the partial footwear impression lacked certain detail and quality to be able to make a comparison . prosecutors used grainy footage from hernandez 's home security system to suggest he was holding a .45 - caliber handgun -- the same kind of gun police said was used to kill lloyd . hernandez could be seen on camera pulling into his driveway minutes after lloyd was shot to death in an industrial park about a mile from hernandez 's home . `` in my opinion , the firearm shown in the video stills is a glock pistol , '' glock sales manager kyle aspinwall testified . the video is time-stamped minutes after workers in a nearby industrial park describe hearing loud noises like fireworks -- the moment prosecutors say lloyd was gunned down after getting out of a car hernandez was driving . hernandez 's lawyers then showed a different part of the video time-stamped a few seconds earlier with hernandez holding what appeared to be a shiny object in one hand , suggesting it may be an ipad . `` glock pistols do n't have white glows to them , do they ? '' defense attorney james sultan asked . `` no , they do not , '' aspinwall answered . sultan then displayed a soft-pellet gun similar in shape to a glock , suggesting it could also be the object hernandez is holding . hernandez has pleaded not guilty in lloyd 's death . but already , his arrest has led to deep consequences , including his release from the new england patriots and the loss of millions of dollars in expected earnings . so what might make a young man who had signed a $ 40 million contract risk everything ? prosecutors have said lloyd might have done or said something that did n't sit well with hernandez . they claimed hernandez rounded up some friends and orchestrated a hit to settle the score . hernandez 's co-defendants , ernest wallace and carlos ortiz , also pleaded not guilty and will be tried separately . but the case gets more complicated . evidence collected in lloyd 's death investigation led to two more murder charges against hernandez in a separate case in boston . hernandez is also accused of shooting daniel de abreu and safiro furtado , allegedly over a spilled drink at a nightclub . that double shooting took place in july 2012 , almost a year before lloyd was killed . prosecutors have said in pretrial hearings that hernandez may have been mad at himself for possibly showing lloyd the spot where that double murder happened . during trial , prosecutors suggest a text written by hernandez the day before the murder saying he was `` buggin '' for showing lloyd `` the spot '' may have played a role in plotting to kill lloyd . the judge has banned any mention of the double murder in lloyd 's trial , ruling it is prejudicial . hernandez has pleaded not guilty in those deaths as well . but when the lloyd trial ends , that murder trial awaits him . cnn 's jason hanna , lawrence crook , laura dolan and catherine e. shoichet contributed to this report .
 for 12 years adelma cifuentes felt worthless , frightened and alone , never knowing when her abusive husband would strike . but as a young mother in rural guatemala with three children and barely a third grade education , she thought there was no way out . what began as psychological torment , name-calling and humiliation turned into beatings so severe cifuentes feared for her life . one day , two men sent by her husband showed up at her house armed with a shotgun and orders to kill her . they probably would have succeeded , but after the first bullet was fired , cifuentes ' two sons dragged her inside . still , in her deeply conservative community , it took neighbors two hours to call for help and cifuentes lost her arm . but the abuse did n't stop there . when she returned home , cifuentes ' husband continued his attacks and threatened to rape their little girl unless she left . that 's when the nightmare finally ended and her search for justice began . cifuentes ' case is dramatic , but in guatemala , where nearly 10 out of every 100,000 women are killed , it 's hardly unusual . a 2012 small arms survey says gender-based violence is at epidemic levels in guatemala and the country ranks third in the killings of women worldwide . according to the united nations , two women are killed there every day . there are many reasons why , beginning with the legacy of violence left in place after the country 's 36-year-old civil war . during the conflict , atrocities were committed against women , who were used as a weapon of war . in 1996 , a ceasefire agreement was reached between insurgents and the government . but what followed and what remains is a climate of terror , due to a deeply entrenched culture of impunity and discrimination . military and paramilitary groups that committed barbaric acts during the war were integrated back into society without any repercussions . many remain in power , and they have not changed the way they view women . some 200,000 people were either killed or disappeared during the decades-long conflict , most of them from indigenous mayan populations . nearly 20 years later , according to the security sector reform resource centre , levels of violent crime are higher in guatemala than they were during the war . but despite the high homicide rate , the united nations estimates 98 % of cases never make it to court . women are particularly vulnerable because of a deep-rooted gender bias and culture of misogyny . in many cases , femicide -- the killing of a woman simply because of her gender -- is carried out with shocking brutality with some of the same strategies used during the war , including rape , torture and mutilation . mexican drug cartels , organized criminal groups and local gangs are contributing to the vicious cycle of violence and lawlessness . authorities investigating drug-related killings are stretched thin , leaving fewer resources to investigate femicides . in many cases , crime is not reported because of fear of retaliation . many consider the guatamalen national civil police , or pnc , corrupt , under-resourced and ineffective . even if a case does get prosecuted , according to human rights watch , the country 's weak judicial system has proved incapable of handling the explosion in violence . perhaps one of the biggest challenges facing women in guatemala is the country 's deeply rooted patriarchal society . according to maría machicado terán , the representative of u.n. women in guatemala , `` 80 % of men believe that women need permission to leave the house , and 70 % of women surveyed agreed . '' this prevailing culture of machismo and an institutionalized acceptance of brutality against women leads to high rates of violence . rights groups say machismo not only condones violence , it places the blame on the victim . the political will to address violence against women is slow to materialize . `` politicians do n't think women are important , '' says former secretary general of the presidential secretariat for women elizabeth quiroa . `` political parties use women for elections . they give them a bag of food and people sell their dignity for this because they are poor . '' lack of education is a major contributor to this poverty . many girls , especially in indigenous communities do n't go to school because the distance from their house to the classroom is too far . quiroa says `` they are subject to rape , violence and forced participation in the drug trade . '' although the situation for girls and women in guatemala is alarming , there are signs the culture of discrimination may be slowly changing . with the help of an organization known as cicam , or centro de investigación , cifuentes was finally able to escape her husband and get the justice she deserved . he is now spending 27 years behind bars . cifuentes is using her painful past to provide hope and healing to others through art . since 2008 , she and four other abuse survivors known as la poderosas , or `` the powerful , '' have been appearing in a play based on their real life stories . the show not only empowers other women and discusses the problem of violence openly , but it also offers suggestions for change . and it 's having an impact . women have started breaking their silence and asking where they can get support . men are reacting , too . one of the main characters , lesbia téllez , says during one presentation , a man stood up and started crying when he realized how he had treated his wife and how his mother had been treated . he said he wanted to be different . the taboo topic of gender-based violence is also being acknowledged and recognized in a popular program targeting one of guatemala 's most vulnerable groups , indigenous mayan girls . in 2004 , with help from the united nations and other organizations , the population council launched a community-based club known as abriendo oportunidades , or `` opening opportunities '' . the goal is to provide girls with a safe place to learn about their rights and reach their full potential . senior program coordinator alejandra colom says the issue of violence is discussed and girls are taught how to protect themselves . `` they then share this information with their mothers and for the first time , they realize they are entitled to certain rights . '' colom adds that mothers then become invested in sending their daughters to the clubs and this keeps them more visible and less prone to violence . the guatemalan government is also moving in the right direction to address the problem of violence against women . in 2008 , the congress passed a law against femicide . two years later the attorney general 's office created a specialized court to try femicides and other violent crimes against women . in 2012 , the government established a joint task force for crimes against women , making it easier for women to access justice by making sure victims receive the assistance they need . the government has also established a special 24-hour court to attend to femicide cases . on the global front , the international violence against women act was introduced in the u.s. congress in 2007 ; it has been pending ever since . but last week the act was reintroduced in both the house and senate . if approved , it would make reducing levels of gender-based violence a u.s. foreign policy priority . pehaps the most immediate and effective help is coming from international nongovernmental organizations , which are on the front lines of the fight against gender-based discrimination in guatemala . ben weingrod , a senior policy advocate at the global poverty fighting group care , says , `` we work to identify and challenge harmful social norms that perpetuate violence . our work includes engaging men and boys as champions of change and role models , and facilitating debates to change harmful norms and create space for more equitable relationships between men and women . '' but the job is far from over . while there is tempered optimism and hope for change , the problem of gender-based violence in guatemala is one that needs international attention and immediate action . cifuentes is finding strength through the theater and the support of other abuse survivors , which has allowed her to move forward . but millions of other women trapped in a cycle of violence are facing dangerous and frightening futures . for them , it 's a race against time and help can not come soon enough .
 a federal grand jury has charged millionaire real estate heir robert durst , a convicted felon , with unlawful possession of a firearm . in this week 's indictment , durst , 71 , is accused of possessing a .38 caliber revolver , which authorities allegedly found in his hotel room last month . he faces a maximum of 10 years in prison if found guilty of that charge , according to the indictment . the charge is the latest in a litany of accusations . a louisiana judge ruled last month that durst , who is charged with first-degree murder , will be held without bail at a facility near new orleans . durst was featured this spring in `` the jinx , '' a hbo documentary about him . he 's accused of killing his friend susan berman at her home in california in 2000 . he also faces state weapons and drugs charges in new orleans . last month , court documents claimed that durst had a loaded .38 - caliber revolver , marijuana , his passport and birth certificate , a latex mask with salt-and-pepper hair attached and more than $ 40,000 cash . he also had a ups tracking number . the package was intercepted by the fbi , prosecutors said , and it contained clothing and more than $ 100,000 in cash . but the bigger courtroom fight will probably unfold in los angeles , where the district attorney filed a first-degree murder charge against durst last month . he awaits extradition to los angeles to face that charge . if convicted , he could face the death penalty . prosecutors accuse durst of `` lying in wait '' and killing berman , a crime writer and his longtime confidante , because she `` was a witness to a crime . '' berman was shot in the head in her beverly hills home in december 2000 , shortly before investigators were set to speak with her about the 1982 disappearance of durst 's first wife , kathleen mccormack durst . durst has long maintained that he had nothing to do with berman 's death or his wife 's disappearance . it 's not the first time he has been accused of murder . he admitted killing and dismembering his neighbor at a 2003 trial , but he was acquitted after arguing that he acted in self-defense . fbi agents have also asked local authorities to examine cold cases in locations near where durst lived over the past five decades , a u.s. law enforcement official said . unsolved cases in vermont , upstate new york , the san francisco bay area and southern california are among those getting a new look , the official said . durst 's attorney , dick deguerin , said it 's a sign that authorities are desperate . deguerin has said durst has serious medical conditions . he is suffering from hydrocephalus , which required brain surgery a couple of years ago , deguerin said . doctors implanted a stent on the right side of his head , the attorney said . `` at the same time he was in the hospital , he had an operation on his esophagus to remove cancer . so he 's got some serious health issues . ... he 's lost a lot of weight . he 's not in good health , '' deguerin said . deguerin also said that durst is `` mildly autistic '' and has received treatment in the past from one of the country 's leading experts in asperger 's syndrome and autism .
 change is coming to ferguson . in the next few weeks the department of justice  doj  will begin to negotiate in earnest with the city to restructure the police department , which the department has charged with engaging in a pattern and practice of racial discrimination . it should not be forgotten that the doj review of the ferguson police department was precipitated by months of protests and activism following the killing of michael brown by a ferguson police officer and by revelations about the town 's dysfunctional government and court system by local civil rights law groups . now , after a half year of unrest , and with citizens on tuesday electing two new black city council members , change is beginning to come to ferguson . the question is , what kind of change ? the report from the department of justice offered a devastating insight into a police department and court system that preyed on its own citizens . through illegal traffic stops and arrests , and the use of excessive force , the police department held town residents in bondage . the municipal court system used excessive court fines and fees to ensure that citizens arrested for even minor infractions would be charged thousands of dollars or face jail time . court costs and fees constituted the second-largest sources of revenue for the town . rather than a force for public safety , the ferguson police department became , according to attorney general eric holder , `` a collection agency '' -- one that preyed disproportionately on the town 's african-american residents . the evidence of ugly and explicit racial discrimination was devastating . it included blatantly racist emails traded among officers , and evidence that african-americans were victims in all of the police canine bite incidents recorded by the department . but just a few weeks before the release of the report , the ferguson police chief declared there were `` no racial issues '' in his department . ferguson 's ugly , racist emails released . the recommendations in the report , ranging from new training and supervision of police officers , addressing racially discriminatory conduct to structural revisions in the court system , will , if implemented , remake the law enforcement system in the town .  a grand jury that investigated the shooting of brown by officer darren wilson chose not to file charges against him and the justice department also did n't find reason to prosecute .  . without question , change is coming to the town 's government . town manager john shaw , ferguson 's most powerful official and , until the doj 's blistering report , the one who inexplicably managed to elude public scrutiny , resigned weeks ago and has been replaced by the city 's deputy manager . three sitting city council members chose not to run for office again and , on tuesday , citizens elected two black candidates to the city council , changing its racial composition : five of six members and the mayor were white . now the council will be 50 % black . ferguson 's hapless police chief thomas jackson also finally resigned after holding on through a months-long display of astonishing incompetence . the department first drew the attention of the nation for its display of military weaponry and tear gas in response to civilian protests . the appointment of a commander from the state highway patrol was deemed necessary to begin quelling the unrest and to build community trust in the early days of the protest . jackson 's departure sent an important signal to the population of a town preyed upon by officers under his command . and so we can be certain that along with the new makeup of the city council , there will be a new police chief in ferguson . but does that mean that fundamental change will come to ferguson ? not necessarily . not unless protest and activism during this critical period turns to influence the vitally important opportunities that lie ahead in the coming weeks . the department of justice 's full-on negotiations with the leadership in ferguson will determine the shape of the new ferguson police department . indeed , the doj report alludes to the possibility of disbanding the department in favor of a regional policing integration with st. louis county . many local activists have suggested just such a solution , but given ongoing problems with policing in the county -- including the role of county forces in some of the most controversial clashes with activists in ferguson last fall -- community representatives will have to fight hard to ensure that the doj can fold st. louis county police into its monitoring and reform process . equally important were the april 7 general elections . turnout in municipal elections has been notoriously low in ferguson , with white voters nearly three times more likely to turn out than african-americans . but local groups had engaged in vigorous voter registration and get-out-the-vote campaigns . . the mayor has two years left to his term and has defiantly insisted that he will not resign  although a petition for his recall has been circulating  . that means that he will be a lead voice in negotiating with the doj to remake the police department . has he committed to a clear set of principles that will guide his participation in those talks ? community activists and residents must ensure that mayor james knowles plans to represent their vision of new ferguson police department . but there is an opportunity to begin thinking about even more ambitious structural change in ferguson and throughout st. louis county . ferguson 's governing structure , with a strong city manager and a weak council and mayor , mirrors that of thousands of other suburbs in the united states . that form of governance might have been precisely what thriving , middle class white suburbanites wanted when they fled racial integration in cities like st. louis . but working class suburbs like ferguson with a majority black population in which the needs of the population in the areas of education and economic opportunity more closely hews to the needs of urban residents , may need a more robust form of governance . in any case , a system in which the elected officials have minimal power , but non-elected leaders , like the town manager and the chief of police , have inordinate power , is a recipe for the kind of unaccountable , non-representative government that controlled ferguson 's residents . yet this precise form of government is in wide use across the country . likewise , missouri , like the vast majority of states , holds municipal elections in non-presidential election years , guaranteeing a significantly lower voter turnout -- although only a few states hold the primary and general election in march and april as missouri law requires ferguson to do . it 's not that ferguson is so different than towns across america . it 's precisely because ferguson holds up a mirror to flaws in our democratic system of government in towns across this country that the stakes are so high . ferguson residents now have the opportunity to begin a movement for change in the other 89 jurisdictions in st. louis county plagued by similar governance flaws , including those towns led by african-americans . and ferguson 's example should provoke self-examination in working class suburbs across the country , where the power and effectiveness of weak elected local government is inadequate to meet the needs of the population . change is coming to ferguson . but the scope and breadth of that change will depend upon the ambition and discipline of activists and residents , whose passion and tenacity have already transformed the trajectory of leadership in a typical american town .
 a delaware father is in stable condition and improving as his two boys remain in critical condition after they became sick -- perhaps from pesticide exposure , federal officials say -- during a trip to the u.s. virgin islands . steve esmond , his teenage sons and the teens ' mother fell ill more than two weeks ago in st. john , where they were renting a villa at the sirenusa resort . the family has confidence in their medical professionals and is hopeful for a full recovery , according to a statement released monday from the family 's attorney , james maron . the teens ' mother , theresa devine , was treated at a hospital and released , and is in occupational therapy , maron said . the u.s. environmental protection agency said friday that the presence of a pesticide at the rented villa in st. john may have caused the illnesses , which were reported to the epa on march 20 . paramedics were called to the villa , which the family was renting . esmond was found unconscious ; the boys and their mother were having seizures , maron said . the lawyer did not say who called the paramedics . elias rodriguez , an epa spokesman , said the agency 's preliminary test results `` do show that there was a presence of methyl bromide in the unit where the family was staying . '' exposure to methyl bromide can result in serious health effects , including central nervous system and respiratory system damage , according to the epa . the use of the pesticide is restricted in the united states because of its acute toxicity . it 's not allowed to be used indoors . only certified professionals are permitted to use it in certain agricultural settings . for example , the pesticide is injected into the soil of some u.s. strawberry fields , said judith enck , an epa regional administrator . `` we trust that the strawberry producers are making sure that there 's not excess pesticide residue on strawberries , '' enck said . `` you definitely want to wash them really good . `` this is a pesticide that 's been around for a long time , and ironically because of its impact and damage to the ozone layer , it 's being phased out because of the air impacts of this fumigant , '' enck added . field workers at a connecticut nursery were poisoned by the chemical in 1990 , according to the journal of industrial medicine . in 2011 , warehouse workers in california fell ill after exposed to grapes imported from chile fumigated with methyl bromide , the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention said . dr. sanjay gupta , cnn 's chief medical correspondent , said many parts of the world banned the chemical , a neurotoxin . the agent is to be used only outdoors . the chemical is also odorless and colorless , gupta said . `` it 's not something that you would have any warning of , '' gupta said . the chemical is often mixed with tear gas so people can be aware of its presence , he added . the epa said it is working with local government agencies to investigate whether the family was made ill after a fumigation at the resort on march 18 and whether any environmental regulations or laws were violated . enck , the epa regional administrator , said paramedics were called early on march 20 . sea glass vacations , which acts as a rental agent for several units at sirenusa , said the unit directly below the one where the family stayed was recently treated for pests , but that the family 's unit was not treated . the company said it licensed an outside company , terminix , for the pest control services . on monday , it ended its contract with terminix . in an email to cnn before the termination , a spokesman for terminix wrote that the company is `` committed to performing all work ... in a manner that is safe for our customers , employees , the public and the environment '' and is `` looking into this matter internally , and cooperating with authorities . '' the u.s. department of justice has initiated a criminal investigation . `` many questions remain why an odorless pesticide of this level of toxicity could be manufactured , distributed and applied in a residential area resulting in this family 's injuries , '' maron said . the attorney added : `` the family is confident that the responsible parties will be brought to justice and held accountable . '' cnn 's rob frehse , jean casarez , sara ganim , jason hanna , laura ly and michael martinez contributed to this report .
 a passenger on an atlanta-bound air canada flight told a cnn reporter on the plane friday that a stranger sitting behind him tried to choke him . oliver minatel , 22 , said he was sleeping on air canada flight 8623 from toronto when he felt something around his neck . `` with a rope , something that he has , he just jumped on me . that 's what happened , '' minatel told cnn 's paula newton moments after the incident . she was seated four rows behind minatel , a professional soccer player traveling with his team . the incident occurred about a half-hour before the flight landed , after the pilots had begun their descent . `` i forced it  the cord  down and then other people came to help , and then i got out and he started saying that we were here to kill him , '' minatel said . the man was not restrained for the rest of the trip , but the flight crew told him to stay seated with his seat belt on . the man kept trying to get out of his seat but other passengers yelled at him whenever he tried to stand up . the two-hour flight landed at atlanta 's hartsfield airport at about 4:30 p.m. where it was met by u.s. authorities . the suspect was escorted off the plane . an fbi spokesman confirmed the agency responded to the incident . `` the passenger , however , was transported for medical/mental evaluation under the direction and coordination of the atlanta police department , '' special agent stephen emmett said . `` while there are currently no federal charges pending , the facts of the matter are being relayed to the u.s. attorney 's office in atlanta . '' minatel , a forward from brazil , was traveling with his teammates from the ottawa fury football club of the second-division north american soccer league . they are scheduled to play the atlanta silverbacks on saturday . `` we 're very thankful to everyone who came to the aid of oliver and relieved that he 's o.k. and ready to play in our game , '' fury fc head coach marc dos santos said in a statement posted on the team 's website . several witnesses said they saw the suspect try to choke minatel with the cord of his headphones . kevin kerr says he was seated next to the suspect . `` he was talking about how this soccer team was trying to kill him . i thought he was maybe a deranged fan , '' said kerr . kerr said he fell asleep and he awakened to see the suspect trying to choke minatel . `` i assisted to make sure that did n't happen , '' kerr said . the canadian businessman said he and members of the soccer team kept a close eye on the suspect as the plane landed to make sure he did not threaten other passengers .
 there was a larger message in the article about a purported gang rape that rolling stone retracted on sunday night -- a part of the story that was never disputed : the university of virginia is under continuing investigation over how it handles sexual assault on campus . the school has never expelled a single student for sexual assault -- even when the student admitted to it . the virginia attorney general asked the law firm of o'melveny & myers to take a look at how the university historically handled allegations of sexual assault by its students . that includes how uva officials handled the allegations in the discredited rolling stone article by a student the magazine called `` jackie , '' especially since the school knew about the allegations for more than a year before the article came out . the alleged gang rape at a fraternity house was in 2012 , and jackie told the university about it the next spring . she started telling her story very publicly , including at a `` take back the night '' rally . but charlottesville police did n't hear about it until after a separate incident in the spring of 2014 , in which jackie claimed someone threw a bottle that hit her in the face . when a university dean arranged for her to talk to police about that alleged assault , she also told the story of the alleged 2012 incident . in both cases , police said jackie refused to cooperate and so they could not pursue the case . but more women came forward to talk about their experiences -- women whose stories were not as dramatic or horrific as jackie 's . rolling stone 's story opened up a conversation about the topic , and then women began coming forward to talk about a culture on campus that was not sensitive to victims . many women told cnn about a euphemism for the word rape used by other students on campus . they 'd call it a `` bad experience . '' others told cnn that there were fraternities with reputations for being `` rapey '' and for using date-rape drugs . that some judged who could come in based on the sluttiness of a woman 's outfit . and if a woman did report her rape , some women complained that the internal process did n't seem worth it if their abuser would n't be kicked out of school . rolling stone had a line in its original story : `` uva 's emphasis on honor is so pronounced that since 1998 , 183 people have been expelled for honor-code violations such as cheating on exams . and yet paradoxically , not a single student at uva has ever been expelled for sexual assault . '' after the article published , uva admitted this and instituted a zero-tolerance policy on sexual assault going forward -- although that policy was never defined , so it 's unclear what it means . when the story was deleted from rolling stone 's website , that was lost . `` you lose a lot of other people 's voices who were in that article , '' said sarah roderick , a survivor and uva student , `` and a lot of good things that could have come about . fixing problems with administration here and on our campus '' -- and , she added , across the nationo . along with the o'melveny & myers investigation , there 's also an open title ix investigation into uva by the u.s. department of education as a result of a civil suit . the attorney who filed the suit , james marsh , told cnn that uva medical staff lost or destroyed evidence from the alleged sexual assault victim he 's representing , making it impossible for her to move forward and get justice . when the columbia journalism school 's 12,000-plus-word critique is summed up , it really boils down to this : the mistake could have been avoided if the writer , sabrina rubin erdely , had picked up the phone and made just a few more phone calls to the friends of jackie who she claimed were with her that night . they 'd later tell other media outlets , including cnn , that they remembered a very different story . rolling stone says their account would have been a red flag . and all three say they would have talked if they 'd been called . ryan duffin , one of the trio , said he felt deceived by jackie , but he also pointed out that erdely 's mistake in fact-checking was about one single incident , and the fallout has caused a much bigger issue to be lost . `` had she gotten in direct contact with us , it probably would n't have been printed , at least in that way , '' he said . `` a lot of the article was still based in truth , but the focal point would have been different . '' it might have been less dramatic , but it would have probably focused on some of the other uva students who shared much more common stories of acquaintance rape on campus . `` i think my problem with it was that this reporter wanted to sensationalize an experience that 's not very common , '' roderick said . '' ... and i wonder if it would have been different if  it dealt  with someone with a less horrific story -- something that happens to more people . i think this discredits what a lot of survivors go through . something this physically horrific is not what everyone goes through . now it 's like , ` if i was n't assaulted by more than one man then my story is not as worthy of attention . ' it 's frustrating that this is how rape is portrayed on college campuses because this is not the norm . '' before the report came out , abraham axler , the student body president , said that some good had come from the article because it forced uva to institute new policies and to open up a conversation on a topic that needed to be discussed nationwide . but some survivors and advocates are afraid the retraction set back their progress . `` i do feel like there 's a possibility people will be afraid to come forward . if you come forward and share your story , if you do n't have the date right , every detail down , you 'll think , ` i 'm going to be accused of being a liar . it 's easier for me to keep it to myself , ' '' roderick said . `` there are very serious and unresolved questions about the university 's performance , '' said steve coll , dean of the columbia school of journalism . `` rolling stone teed that subject up . i would n't say that everything about rolling stone 's treatment of that subject was perfect , but it certainly does n't fall under the same category as their reporting about jackie 's narrative . ''
 saturday at the masters , like any pga tournament , has been dubbed ` moving day ' . it 's the day after the fat has been cut and the big dogs make their move up -- or occasionally down -- the leader board . players rose and players fell away on moving day at the 2015 masters . rory mcilroy went out in 32 and briefly raised the crowd 's hopes that he had a sniff of completing an improbable grand slam on sunday night . but he dropped two shots late on in the round to finish six under par . woods comeback ? a rejuvenated tiger woods showed touches of his old class mixed with the ragged unpredictability that has marked his new game to finish six under too . a huge improvement , but still a long way from him wearing the green jacket again . `` it could have been a super low today , '' a disappointed woods said after his round . `` all in all . it should have been two shots better . '' phil mickelson powered around the course , threatening to challenge too , finishing on eleven under . as did a late justin rose surge , where he fired four birdies in a row to finish twelve under and in second place . in the end , there was lots of moving , but no one could move quick enough or far enough to trouble jordan spieth . infallible . the 21 year old has been nothing short of a sensation at augusta . his infallible first two rounds gave the 21 year old from dallas , texas a five shot lead going in to the third round . that has happened only three times at augusta before , and on all three occasions the leader has gone on to win . spieth 's 15 birdies are just 10 away from phil mickelson 's masters mark set in 2001 . he could also break tiger woods 270 set in 1997 . as it happened , spieth played a steady , almost conservative round . when he made the occasional mistake , like the bogey at 15 , he hit back straight away with a birdie next hole . as his third round came to a close the birdies flowed , his putting impeccable . the only nerves on show came during the last two holes with a double bogey at the 17 . echos of 1996 ? when reminded of some of the great augusta comebacks , including nick faldo 's 11 shot swing in 1996 , tiger woods still believes anything is possible . `` it really is , '' he said . `` we saw what happened in 1996 . you never know . it depends on the conditions . '' he is , of course , right . as greg norman knows only too well , anything can happen on the final day . but that kind of crescendo also depends on spieth experiencing a greg norman-style meltdown . spieth 's double bogey on the 17th and wobble on the 18th will give the chasing pack some hope . yet , for all the movement of mickelson , woods , rose and mcilroy , they made just a one shot dent into spieth 's second round lead . he will begin sunday four shots ahead .
 `` star wars '' is once again back in our lives , the burger-king couple helped us believe love can be found in fast food , and mindy kaling 's brother had a shocking announcement . those are just a few of the stories that trended this week . 1 . ` star wars ' streaming . the force is with the streaming device of your choice , thanks to this week 's surprise announcement that the entire `` star wars '' saga  so far , anyway  would be released on digital hd at the end of the week . between this and the release of `` daredevil , '' we imagine lots of nerds called in sick on friday . 2 . mindy kaling 's brother : i faked being black to get into medical school . actress mindy kaling 's brother says that he posed as a black man years ago to get into medical school and that the experience opened his eyes to what he calls the hypocrisy of affirmative action . among those who disapprove of the book he 's planning to write about the whole thing : his sister . 3 . farewell , rosco . `` dukes of hazzard '' fans mourned the loss of actor james best , best known as hazzard county 's hapless sheriff rosco p. coltrane , this week . others who passed on : `` l.a. law '' actor richard dysart and frequent clint eastwood co-star geoffrey lewis . 4 . when burger met king , it was love . joel burger is set to marry ashley king in july , and when fast food giant burger king got wind of the nuptials , the couple scored a free wedding . 5 . michelle obama broke it down  again  . the first lady 's let 's move campaign has featured her dancing on more than one occasion , but she brought the  white  house down on monday with the `` so you think you can dance '' all-stars during the easter egg roll . 6 . `` the vampire diaries '' crisis . not since zayn malik announced that he was quitting one direction has twitter had such a meltdown : `` vampire diaries '' star nina dobrev is leaving the cw series . `` nothing will be the same again , '' one fan tweeted . other things we loved : . more than 10 million people have seen anne hathaway 's take on miley cyrus ' `` wrecking ball , '' complete with props , from spike 's hit show `` lip sync battle . '' go , greased lightning ! `` late late show '' host and tony winner james corden put on `` grease '' for los angeles drivers waiting in traffic . the cast of the movie `` suicide squad , '' including will smith and margot robbie , assembled for the first time this week in a twitter photo from director david ayer . and no worries , future joker jared leto was taking the photo  in an image inspired by classic comic book `` the killing joke ''  . the comments are the whole reason to read this `` humans of new york '' post on a woman named beyonce .
 bring your own beaker , goblet or vase and slurp it up . 7-eleven is hosting the first bring-your-own-cup slurpee day at united states stores from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. saturday to kick off peak slurpee season . this shot at brain freeze is n't free , but customers at participating stores can fill their `` cup '' of choice for $ 1.49 , the average cost of a medium slurpee . note : a garbage can is not a cup . in-store displays with a 10-inch-diameter hole will rule out anything too ridiculously large for slurpee consumption , and cups must be sanitary . but within those parameters , pretty much anything goes : . `` from sand buckets to trophies , customers can unleash their creativity by bringing in their choice of a unique , fun slurpee cup , '' said laura gordon , 7‑eleven 's vice president of marketing and brand innovation , in a statement . the promotion is n't to be confused with free slurpee day , traditionally celebrated each july 11 .
 the graffiti , written in a french chalk quarry and dating back almost 100 years , is plain and stark . `` hj leach . merely a private . 13/7/16 . sa australia , '' reads one inscription . `` ha deanate , 148th aero squadron , usa . 150 vermilyea ave , new york city , '' another says . `` 9th batt australians , g. fitzhenry , paddington , sydney , n.s.w. , 1916 july ; alistair ross , lismore , july , '' reads a third . they were world war i soldiers , four of almost 2,000 , whose writings have recently been found underneath battlefields near naours , france , about 120 miles north of paris . photographer jeff gusky , who has been chronicling details of the site , describes the inscriptions -- and the underground city in which they were found -- as `` breathtaking . '' `` this is a treasure trove , '' he said monday night from his home in east texas , where he works as an er doctor . `` even locally , no one realized what was there . '' gusky , a national geographic photographer , has chronicled the area in a portfolio he calls `` the hidden world of wwi . '' the revelations of the underground city , which extends for miles in some directions , have come to light recently only because of a series of events , gusky said . the underground city actually dates back centuries but was sealed up in the 18th century . it was rediscovered in the late 19th century . during world war i , soldiers would take refuge in the carved-out rooms and pathways . the front was sometimes mere miles away ; the battle of the somme , one of the bloodiest in world history , was fought nearby in 1916 . the land was privately owned for many years and generally off-limits to outsiders , said gusky , but it changed hands in 2013 . the rights to operate it were purchased by a consortium of villages that wanted to promote awareness of the area 's history , he said . researching the city is a painstaking task . for one thing , it 's dark , so observers generally have n't realized what 's in there until they 've gone exploring . moreover , the maze-like extensiveness of the site has made discovery a slow process . `` they go on and on and on . they 're so elaborate in some places , there are maps carved into stone so the soldiers would n't get lost , '' he said . the graffiti looks like it was written yesterday , he added . gusky has noted 1,821 names . about 40 % are australian , with most of the others identified as british . fifty-five are americans , and 662 have yet to be traced . for gusky , the graffiti provides a human connection with men who lived a century ago . in many cases , they just wanted to be remembered , he said . `` someone could be in this place one day and the next fighting at the front , '' he said . leach , `` merely a private , '' was killed a month later in battle , gusky observed . `` it could very well have been the last time he recorded his name as a living , breathing human being , '' he said . 7 things you did n't know about the man who started wwi .
 president obama 's nomination of loretta lynch to become the country 's first african-american woman attorney general is a historic pick . her confirmation , however , is now taking on new historical relevance as her wait for a confirmation vote by the full senate drags into its sixth month . the period between the senate judiciary committee 's vote to confirm and the full senate vote -- which in lynch 's case has not been scheduled -- has lasted longer for her than for any attorney general nominee in recent history . by the time the senate returns from easter recess on monday , it 'll have been longer than the eight previous nominees for the job -- combined . lynch , currently the u.s. attorney for the eastern district of new york , cleared the committee february 26 by a vote of 12-8 , with republican sens. orrin hatch of utah , lindsey graham of south carolina and jeff flake of arizona joining democrats in sending the nomination to the full senate . obama nominated lynch to replace attorney general eric holder on november 8 , after holder had announced plans to leave the post weeks earlier . hundreds of miles from washington , longtime residents of durham , north carolina , were beaming with pride . lynch 's family moved to the city when she was a child . her parents , married for 60 years , still live there . they watched the announcement on television . `` that was encouraging but i knew then that we had a fight on our hands , '' said lynch 's father , the rev. lorenzo lynch . `` i 've been in politics most of my life . i know that nothing is certain , and i know that nothing is easy . '' lorenzo lynch , 82 , is a retired baptist preacher and was active in the civil rights movement of the 1960s . he ran , unsuccessfully , for mayor of durham in 1973 . for the next round of his daughter 's `` fight , '' he traveled to washington in late january to attend his daughter 's confirmation hearing before the judiciary committee . `` i heard a lot at that hearing that i 've heard since childhood . that is the presupposition of the mindset , '' lorenzo lynch said . `` the dual system or the dual treatment . '' when asked to provide specific examples , lorenzo lynch deferred to the state branch of the naacp and e. lavonia allison , a durham activist who has known loretta lynch since the family moved to durham . `` i do n't want to think about the epidermis , but some people are thinking that way , '' allison said , suggesting that lynch 's confirmation vote has been delayed because lynch is african-american . `` when it has taken so long , when it has been so different from any other person who has been nominated ... how else can we interpret that it is so different ? '' allison said . in march , rep. g.k. butterfield , d-north carolina , chairman of the congressional black caucus , said , `` i think race certainly can be considered as a major factor in the reason for this delay , but it 's also the irrationality of the new republicans . '' sen. dick durbin , d-illinois , evoked imagery of the segregated south in criticism of republicans , saying lynch had been `` asked to sit in the back of the bus when it comes to the senate calendar . '' durbin was harshly criticized by arizona 's sen. john mccain . `` i deeply regret that the senator from illinois chose to come here yesterday and question the integrity and motivation , mine and my republican colleagues , '' mccain said on the senate floor . `` it was offensive and unnecessary , and i think he owes this body , ms. lynch and all americans an apology , '' mccain added . `` i thought he should be commended , '' lorenzo lynch said . `` i think that 's a poetic description of what has happened and poetry , like most language , is limited but it does have wings ... to carry a point . '' giuliani pushes for lynch confirmation . senate republicans adamantly deny the delay in scheduling a vote on lynch 's nomination is because she is african-american . many point out that lynch , if confirmed , will be replacing the country 's first african-american attorney general who was confirmed by an overwhelming margin . instead , republicans and democrats say the delay is part of an ongoing partisan battle . for some , it 's part of a fight over a human trafficking bill that has stalled in the senate . for others , the delay is retaliation for president obama 's 2014 executive actions on immigration . on the eve of holder 's announcement of his plans to leave the department of justice , the political number crunchers at fivethirtyeight.com predicted that whoever the president nominated would `` likely face at least a moderately tough confirmation hearing in the senate . '' some of lynch 's supporters across north carolina have organized to convince the state 's two republican senators to support lynch 's confirmation . in march , several dozen north carolina women , led by the naacp , traveled to washington to meet with their senators , richard burr and thom tillis . reportedly , the meeting lasted nearly an hour and was very cordial . at a news conference at the washington press club , the group blasted the senators for opposing the nomination . `` senator burr and senator tillis , it is time for you to act like you have some sense . it 's past time . you have embarrassed the state of north carolina , '' allison said after the meeting . for their part , burr and tillis released a statement after the meeting : `` while we remain concerned with ms. lynch 's stated desire to lead the department of justice in the same manner as eric holder and will not be supporting her nomination , we are grateful that the group came to washington to talk about this issue and exchange ideas . weeks later , the naacp organized protests outside the senators ' offices in raleigh , charlotte and wilmington . `` i think there is a much deeper analysis , '' said north carolina naacp branch president rev. william barber ii . `` i believe if she had been clarence thomas , she would have been confirmed . '' `` because of her courage , her character and her commitment to the law and to the enforcement of the laws of this land , particularly the 14th and 15th amendments to the constitution , and because her consciousness was shaped in the crucible of the civil rights movement -- that is what they fear , '' barber said . obama turns up the heat on loretta lynch confirmation ` limbo ' lorenzo lynch says he carried his daughter to several civil rights marches on his shoulders . he admits that he did not think that much of the recent progress of african-americans was possible when he was fighting for equal rights . now , his small living room is filled with stacks of loosely organized newspaper stories about his daughter 's nomination and photos of his visit to the white house . lynch admits that he 's never told his only daughter that he 's proud of her , although he 's sure she knows it . he plans to change that , soon , regardless of the outcome of her pending nomination .
 what was supposed to be a fantasy sports car ride at walt disney world speedway turned deadly when a lamborghini crashed into a guardrail . the crash took place sunday at the exotic driving experience , which bills itself as a chance to drive your dream car on a racetrack . the lamborghini 's passenger , 36-year-old gary terry of davenport , florida , died at the scene , florida highway patrol said . the driver of the lamborghini , 24-year-old tavon watson of kissimmee , florida , lost control of the vehicle , the highway patrol said . he was hospitalized with minor injuries . petty holdings , which operates the exotic driving experience at walt disney world speedway , released a statement sunday night about the crash . `` on behalf of everyone in the organization , it is with a very heavy heart that we extend our deepest sympathies to those involved in today 's tragic accident in orlando , '' the company said . petty holdings also operates the richard petty driving experience -- a chance to drive or ride in nascar race cars named for the winningest driver in the sport 's history . cnn 's vivan kuo and janet digiacomo contributed to this report .
 are we alone in the cosmos ? or might there be intelligent life elsewhere ? last week , nasa scientists discussed in very concrete terms the steps to discovering life elsewhere in the universe over the next decade or two . this year is the 20th anniversary of the discovery of a planet around a star like our own sun , 51 pegasi . since then , ground-based surveys and nasa 's kepler satellite have discovered nearly 2,000 confirmed `` exoplanets , '' and thousands more candidates await confirmation . many of these planetary systems are quite unlike our own solar system . some have large planets like jupiter that orbit their stars far closer than mercury , the innermost planet in our solar system . but smaller rocky planets like earth , though harder to find , appear to be even more abundant . life on earth developed in its oceans about a billion years after the planet formed . that suggests that rocky planets with liquid water on their surfaces might also have developed primitive forms of life . life as we know it is carbon-based and requires liquid water . astronomers define the `` habitable zone '' around a star as the region within which liquid water can exist on a planet 's surface . any closer to the star , the water will boil into vapor ; any farther and the water freezes into ice . extrapolating from discoveries to date , astronomers estimate there are perhaps 40 billion earth-like , habitable-zone planets in our milky way galaxy alone . of course , there is a difference between single-celled organisms -- which developed 3.8 billion years ago and remained the most sophisticated form of life for another billion years or so -- and mammals , which appeared about 200 million years ago . and then the humans , who have existed for only 200,000 years . intelligent life that can communicate via radio waves with other intelligent life is less than 100 years old here on earth . so while planets that develop simple forms of life may be a dime a dozen , the number that have sentient beings with whom to converse -- even assuming they evolved as humans did , with ears and spoken language , or eyes and written language -- is likely to be tiny . and life that can use radio waves has existed on earth for only 0.000002 % of the planet 's history -- 100 years out of 4.5 billion . if the half dozen or so rocky , earth-like exoplanets now known are similar , the odds of discovering humanlike life on them are about the same as , well , winning your state lottery with one ticket . of course , if there are 40 billion earth-like planets out there , the odds improve quite a bit . if they all have histories like the earth 's , there might be 1,000 planets in the milky way that could support communicative beings . but before you start composing your first letter to an alien , think about this : the chance that those beings evolved on exactly the same time scale is minuscule . another planet 's 100 years of brilliance might have occurred a billion years ago , or it might happen a billion years in the future . a lot depends on how long communication capabilities last . civilizations that can build huge telescopes and broadcast stations also have the technology to destroy their planet . so the duration of the communication age on a planet could be short . not to mention : the average light-travel-time to such a planet could be tens of thousands of years , so unless humans evolve to be ageless , we 're not exchanging ims with aliens anytime soon . if advanced civilizations can maintain their capabilities for millions of years or more , the chances of communicating with them are not negligible . but in that case , they are likely to be far more sophisticated than we are  since they developed the capability far earlier than we did  -- so if they wanted us to know they exist , would n't they simply tell us ? the seti project has been listening for such broadcasts for more than 30 years in the search for extraterrestrial intelligence . probably the most likely form of life on exoplanets is far more primitive . astronomers have found signatures of organic molecules , the building blocks of life , in the interstellar material that permeates the space between stars in our galaxy . possible signatures of living organisms on distant exoplanets include an oxygen-rich atmosphere , such as that created by the first bacteria on earth , or perhaps methane or carbon dioxide . nasa 's james webb space telescope , to be launched in 2018 , will look for evidence of life in the atmospheres of rocky , habitable exoplanets . nasa 's rovers have shown that mars was once much more habitable . it had fresh-water lakes and streams of water running along its surface . some water still remains , and there may yet be life discovered on mars . new missions plan to look at europa and ganymede , moons of jupiter that have liquid water below their icy surfaces . life elsewhere in the universe , and even elsewhere in our own milky way galaxy , is practically inevitable . signs of life on exoplanets orbiting nearby stars will probably be discovered in the coming decades with advanced telescopes . but the chance of talking to those little green men will probably have to wait for another few hundred million years .
 it was n't messrs clooney , pitt and their nine accomplices who sailed down an elevator shaft and cracked open dozens of safety deposit boxes at a london vault during the easter weekend . but last weekend 's raid in the heart of the city 's jewelry district feels like it has been taken from a movie like `` ocean 11 '' given its daring and planning . such robberies are rare : the gang did n't follow the current criminal trend of manipulating digits in cyber space but instead went back to basics and committed their burglary in a way not seen in london for more than 40 years . in september 1971 , the staff of a bank in baker street , central london , arrived at work to find that thieves had dug a 40-yard tunnel from a shop they had rented , hauled in a thermic lance and explosives and opened the strong room . the gang got away with a haul worth around # 30 million  the incident later formed the basis of the movie `` the bank job . ''  . but how are such heists organized ? roy ramm , a former commander of specialist operations at london 's scotland yard for 27 years , explains . in the uk burglaries and robberies are often committed by working-class people , people who would otherwise have blue collar jobs . in more than 25 years as a scotland yard detective , i never met a raffles - or a thomas crown-style criminal from a middle-class background who had then turned to the hard side of crime . sophisticated heists like the hatton garden raid are generally not a natural progression for burglars who began with smaller domestic break-ins . many neighborhood criminals commit burglaries to feed drugs habits and acquire long strings of convictions that mean they are always on the police radar . occasionally , they steal things they ca n't sell and end up dumping valuable paintings or antiques when they are not able to sell them on quickly . more specialist criminals -- those , for example , who target museums or country houses -- will be very specific and steal only what they know they can quickly convert to untraceable cash . many of those who commit the bigger crimes or run major criminal enterprises combine high iqs with a kind of raw street intelligence . one of their skills is the ability to recognize a criminal opportunity when it presents itself , possibly from a source of inside information . probably the biggest difference between any heist you 'll see in a movie and its real-life equivalent is the motive . i 've never encountered any criminal who committed a high value crime just for the challenge or to prove that it could be done . the only reason has been for the money , often to support a certain lifestyle and to fund other criminal enterprises . inside information is one way of identifying a criminal opportunity , using people who are able to provide that crucial detail or who will participate in some small way to facilitate the crime . the brinks mat robbery in 1983 -- a case which i was involved in at the time -- saw a criminal gang escape with gold bullion worth more than # 28 million  around # 88 million -- or $ 130million -- adjusting for inflation  from a warehouse at london 's heathrow airport . the knightsbridge safety deposit robbery of 1987 saw a gang make off with tens of millions of pounds in cash and valuables from an upscale london neighbourhood  the true amount will never be known  . both were made possible by inside information : it 's an angle that london detectives investigating last weekend 's heist will be looking at very closely . the planning behind the hatton garden raid will have been meticulous . the target will have been observed , perhaps for months , and the thieves will have decided on the right time to commit the crime . a long weekend or a public holiday are occasions when more time may be available , also perhaps when regular staff are away . sometimes the mastermind behind the raid will need a larger team of criminals to do a specific job . usually they will already be known directly to each other , perhaps because they worked on other jobs together . possibly a specialist can be brought in by another team member -- but they have to be able to trust each other and trust comes from understanding , so gangs in the uk tend to come from the same social and ethnic group , maybe even limited to one relatively small geographic area . even though there is more diversity in society , it would be unusual to find a broad ethnic or social mix in the team put together for a major crime . vehicles will have been obtained , stolen or purchased for cash and their identities cloned or changed . equipment will have been sourced . everything will have been cleaned , cleaned and cleaned again to remove forensic traces . they will plan routes that avoid cctv and timings that attract the least attention . they will have untraceable disposable phones and an outside team to warn the inside men of any problems . they will have planned their getaway , their clean-up and how and when they are going to dispose of anything that might link them to the crime scene -- and of course how they are going to sell on the proceeds of their crime . what criminals steal does n't vary that much . cash is probably first choice , followed by anything that can quickly and easily be converted to cash , like gold , jewellery and watches . the conversion of stolen goods to cash is risky and expensive : the brinks mat bullion that was traced was because it had been clumsily smelted and then sold on . fine paintings and rare antiques are less desirable for experienced criminals -- unless they are stealing to order -- because they are so identifiable and because the black market is so much smaller . a painting may sell at an international auction for millions of dollars but it will only fetch a fraction of its true value from a dishonest collector . london detectives investigating the hatton garden heist will be looking very closely at the possibility of inside involvement . but police enquiries wo n't stop there . they will look at every aspect of how the target business operates , then try to think like criminals to identify the weaknesses in physical and operational security that the gang may have been informed about or else spotted and then exploited . the forensic assault on the crime scene will be immense . in recent years forensic science has made major advances in identifying trace evidence and investigators will look for any scrap of evidence that might yield the dna of a criminal . cctv footage from street cameras and from inside private premises will be analyzed and vehicle movements logged and cross-checked . rewards for information will be offered . witnesses will interviewed . in the police 's criminal intelligence branch , the movements of known criminals will be analyzed and the networks of sources -- informers -- will be tasked to report what they hear . the details of any identifiable goods which have been stolen will be circulated to known markets , both in the uk and internationally . the detectives investigating these major crimes in the uk see them as an exciting challenge to their professionalism . they do n't admire the criminals but they have less contempt for a gang that builds a sophisticated plan and causes no personal harm to anyone than say for a violent robber . but the investigation will still be relentless .
 the commissioner-general of the united nations relief and works agency will make an emergency visit to the yarmouk palestinian refugee camp in syria on saturday , a spokesman says . commissioner-general pierre krähenbühl will assess the humanitarian situation in the camp and speak with individuals about ways to relieve the suffering of the people who remain there . `` the visit is prompted by unrwa 's deepening concern for the safety and protection of 18,000 palestinians and syrian civilians , including 3,500 children , '' agency spokesman christopher gunness told cnn 's paula newton . `` yarmouk remains under the control of armed groups , and civilian life continues to be threatened by the effects of the conflict . '' krähenbühl will meet with senior syrian officials , u.n. and relief agency staff members , and displaced people from the camp itself . the yarmouk refugee camp , which sits just 6 miles from central damascus , has been engulfed in fighting between the syrian government and armed groups since december 2012 . the london-based syrian observatory for human rights says the militant group isis and the al qaeda-affiliated al-nusra front control about 90 % of the camp . the organization also claims that the syrian government has dropped barrel bombs on the camp as recently as sunday in an effort to drive out armed groups . yarmouk was formed in 1957 to accommodate people displaced by the arab-israeli conflict and is the largest palestinian refugee camp in syria . the u.n. relief agency estimates that there were 160,000 people in the camp when the conflict began in 2011 between forces loyal to president bashar al-assad and opposition fighters . that number has dropped to about 18,000 , according to estimates . yarmouk has been largely cut off from aid since november 2013 . there have been widespread reports of malnutrition and shortages of medical care . `` we will not abandon hope , '' gunness said . `` we will not submit to pessimism , because to abandon hope would be to abandon the people of yarmouk . ... we can not abandon the people of yarmouk , and we will not , hence this mission . ''
 fans of the late actor paul walker knew that watching him in `` furious 7 '' would be bittersweet . even so , many moviegoers said the final scenes of the new film , which earned a record $ 146 million over the weekend , still packed an emotional wallop . `` not gon na lie , i shed a few tears at the end of furious 7 . the tribute to paul walker was very well done , '' one woman said monday on twitter . hers was just one of a flood of messages on social media from people who said they got choked up during scenes featuring walker , who died at 40 in a car crash in november 2013 , before filming on `` furious 7 '' was completed . to finish walker 's scenes , the makers of the movie used body doubles , computer-generated images and even the actor 's brothers . but it was the ending that really got to moviegoers . in finishing `` furious 7 , '' the film 's producers sought to retire walker 's character , brian , while paying homage to his role in the blockbuster `` furious '' action franchise . but they felt that killing him off might appear exploitative . `` if they had gone down the other path , i think i would have refused to finish making this movie , '' director james wan told buzzfeed . instead , the movie 's makers chose to `` retire paul 's character in the most sincere and elegant way  they  could , '' wan said . their idea was to have brian retire from his dangerous , high-octane lifestyle out of a sense of responsibility to his growing family with girlfriend mia , who is pregnant with their second child . a scene late in the movie shows him and mia playing on a beach with their son while the crew looks on -- essentially saying goodbye . then his longtime buddy dom reminisces about their years together , leading to a montage of walker scenes from the first six movies . the song that plays over the montage is `` see you again , '' a collaboration between wiz khalifa and charlie puth . co-star vin diesel shared the video for the song late sunday on his facebook page , where it has more than 1.5 million likes . fans on twitter and facebook mostly praised the movie 's ending as a fitting tribute -- and an emotionally wrenching one . `` man i do n't care how tough u are or how gangsta u claim to be . ... the last five minutes had me choked up in the movie theater ... i saw it 3 times in one day ... ... the ending is the deepest ending i 've ever seen , '' one man wrote on the movie 's facebook page .
 recently , a new york judge issued an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband completely via facebook . what exactly is `` service of process '' ? serving people with legal papers is an industry and its own body of law premised on one guiding principle : if you are going to sue someone , you should at least let them know about it . sounds simple , right ? in theory it is . in practice , it turns out people do n't like being sued . it also turns out that , to many defendants , procrastination of a lawsuit is a viable defense . just as you may avoid bad news in life , defendants tend to avoid process servers . once a defendant has been served , that means the judicial proceedings begin . unfortunately , that means defendants have an incentive to go `` off the grid '' . although every state is different , the law of service of process has evolved this way : the ideal and fairest way to notify a person of a lawsuit is to have another human hand the papers to the defendant in person , and have some proof that the person was the defendant . in-person service is not always possible , for obvious reasons . so , the law had to develop methods of alternate service , but carefully balance a defendant 's right to have notice of a lawsuit , against a diligent plaintiff 's access to court if a defendant is avoiding the inevitable . as reliable as the u.s. mail is , regular mail is not a reliable form of serving papers . not because the postmen ca n't be trusted ; they can . neither snow , nor rain , nor heat , nor gloom of night , will keep them from delivering those papers . instead , it 's defendants -- no wait , all of humanity -- that ca n't be trusted . every one of us has ignored mail or even pretended we did n't get it . defendants are no different . one form of alternate service is `` nail and mail '' service . this means that you take a hammer and nail , and nail the papers to the defendant 's front door . the problem with that is that many defendants are nomadic by nature . just because you find a house that a defendant stayed at , does n't mean he 'll be back there anytime soon . another , even odder form of `` service '' is service by publication . this is an almost laughable legal fiction . if you ca n't find a defendant , a judge might let you serve by publication . that means that a plaintiff can take out an ad in five point font for a week in an obscure publication , on the off chance you are reading the classified ads of the secaucus law journal looking for lawsuits against you . as laughable as serving someone by tweeting it sounds , it 's at least more rational than this antiquated method . at first blush , the idea of service by facebook seems to offend traditional notions of ensuring notification of a defendant of a case against him . when it comes to serving papers , however , `` traditional '' does n't necessarily mean `` good . '' service by publication or nailing paper to the door of an empty apartment is hardly reliable ; it 's just service of last resort . for those people who are concerned that being served papers will become a facebook announcement in a news feed , along with the photos of dinner or kittens , to be `` liked '' by all your gawking `` friends , '' we 're not quite there ... yet . while the older forms of alternate service were public , most electronic service takes the form of email . where email is n't available , it is facebook private messaging , which should be as private as email . that 's the form of service authorized by the court here . so for now , we 're not quite putting lawsuits on instagram ... but i would n't rule it out in the future . online service may be a new frontier , but it 's not unheard of . most of us exist more online now than we `` live '' in a particular condo , or mom 's basement . virtually everyone has a phone or access to the internet . not everyone has a lease or a mortgage . plus , online service has the added benefit of tracking . believe me , somewhere , some computer has already logged the fact that you read this article , how long you read it , and even how far down you scrolled before you got bored and bailed on the article  thanks for still being here , by the way  . in a way , maybe online service is long overdue . you can outrun a process server for a while , but sooner or later , all of us have to go back online -- and no human can outrun an email .
 the hollywood reporter  the original cast of twin peaks is backing david lynch in his salary standoff with showtime . the stars have teamed together for a video backing the show 's co-creator with a #savetwinpeaks campaign that says doing the revival without lynch is `` like pies without cherries , '' among other nods to the original drama series . sherilyn fenn , sheryl lee , james marshall , peggy lipton and other familiar faces from the series appear in the video .  some members have also set up a facebook page .  . showtime renews ` shameless , ' orders ` happyish ' to series . lynch announced sunday that he was exiting showtime 's nine-episode revival over a salary dispute . he originally signed on to direct the project but noted that there was `` not enough money offered to do the script the way i felt needed to be done . '' showtime already had a deal in place with lynch and co-creator mark frost to bring back the cult hit with star kyle maclachlan for a run in 2016 , with sources telling thr that the scripts had already been written . showtime chief on ` twin peaks ' plans , ` homeland ' backlash and free speech . for its part , showtime noted that it `` continues to hold out hope '' that twin peaks can be brought back with both its creators at the helm . maclachlan is the only cast member currently confirmed for the reboot . lynch to leave ` twin peaks ' reboot . © 2015 the hollywood reporter . all rights reserved .
 tejano star selena , who died 20 years ago , is coming back in a big way : with a hologram-like figure . billboard reports that the singer 's family is creating a version of the singer that will be `` walking , talking , singing and dancing digital embodiment '' of her persona . `` by no means is this something that 's creepy or weird , '' her sister , suzette quintanilla , told billboard . `` we think it 's something amazing . a lot of the new fans that did not get to experience what selena was about hopefully will be able to get a sense of her with this new technology that 's going to be coming out . '' selena : 20 years after her death . the technology is being handled by acrovirt llc , a nevada-based tech company . `` using detailed individual personalized functions spanning the mind , brain and body , the individual 's digitized human essence will autonomously learn and react on behalf of its human counterpart 's , '' the company explained . the project is being called `` selena the one . '' twenty years after she was killed by her fan club president , selena remains incredibly popular , with her facebook page recording 2 million likes and fans continuing to post videos and tributes . selena will be the first figure to use the acrovirt technology , quintanilla said . `` i 'm excited at the fact that she will be the first ever , and the fact that she 's a latina makes it even more awesome , '' she said . `` it 's not about replacing selena in any shape , way or form ; it 's just something to help her legacy continue growing . '' the family intends to expand her legacy in another way : with some new music . selena the one `` will release new songs and videos , will collaborate with current hit artists , and aims to go on tour in 2018 , '' said a statement on selena 's facebook page . selena is n't the first performer to try the virtual route . a michael jackson hologram appeared at the billboard music awards in 2014 , and a hologram of tupac shakur performed at coachella in 2012 . but the new technology is a step forward , quintanilla said . `` people do n't realize how fast technology is moving , '' she told billboard . `` this is something that we 're building for another two to three years , so when 2018 comes around they 'll be like , ` oh , ok , we get it . ' '' fans can join an indiegogo campaign , www.selenatheone.com , to support the launch . the campaign , which hopes to raise $ 500,000 , begins april 16 . the commemorative fiesta de la flor in corpus christi , texas -- which celebrates her life -- is scheduled for april 17 and 18 . cnn 's katia hetter contributed to this story .
 five young chinese feminists , whose detention has provoked an international outcry , may face up to five years in prison over their campaign for gender equality . the women were among detained on march 6 and march 7 in three chinese cities -- beijing , guangzhou and hangzhou -- shortly before events they had planned for international women 's day on march 8 . wang qiushi , the lawyer for one of the women , wei tingting , said police had recommended on april 6 that prosecutors press charges of `` assembling a crowd to disturb public order . '' wang told cnn that prosecutors had to decide whether to pursue the charges within seven days of the submission -- by monday . `` we hope that the prosecutors will not approve a formal arrest warrant , following the laws and standing up to pressure , '' he said . `` but nobody knows what to expect till monday ; we can do nothing but wait . '' the five were initially held on suspicion of `` picking quarrels and provoking trouble . '' wang said he did n't know why the charge against the women changed . `` neither should constitute a crime , '' he said . campaign group amnesty international said the new charge was less serious but still carried a maximum jail term of five years . `` the women were doing nothing wrong , nothing illegal . they were simply calling for an end to sexual harassment , '' william nee , china researcher at amnesty international told cnn . `` everything they were doing was in line with china 's own laws and policies . '' wang said that wei had been subject to lengthy cross examinations during her detention but was well the last time they met on march 31 . two of the women are said to be in poor health . he added that the charges relate both to the activities the women planned for international women 's day and earlier campaigns against domestic violence and for more public toilets for women . the five -- who are members of china 's women 's rights action group -- had planned to hand out stickers printed with slogans saying `` stop sexual harassment , let us stay safe '' and `` go police , go arrest those who committed sexual harassment ! '' on women 's day . the detention of wei , along with wu rongrong , li tingting , wang man and zheng churan has drawn harsh criticism from the international community . protests have taken place in several cities , including hong kong , that urge chinese officials to `` free the five . '' a social media campaign also uses the phrase as a hashtag . on monday , hillary clinton , former u.s. secretary of state , tweeted that the activists ' detention was `` inexcusable . '' her comment drew a rebuke from chinese authorities , who said public figures should respect china 's sovereignty and independence . maya wang , china researcher at human rights watch , said the activists were best known for their `` performance art '' style protests -- occupying public toilets to highlight long lines at women 's restrooms , donning blood-spattered wedding gowns to protest domestic violence and shaving their heads to protest against barriers to higher education for women . `` these activists epitomize the spirit of the times . they are young , confident , ready to challenge established norms , '' wang said . as china prepares to mark the anniversary of landmark un fourth world conference on women in september , it will be hard for authorities to justify detaining the activists , she added .
 a judge this week sentenced a former tsa agent to six months in jail for secretly videotaping a female co-worker while she was in the bathroom , prosecutors said . during the investigation , detectives with the metro nashville police department in tennessee also found that the agent , 33-year-old daniel boykin , entered the woman 's home multiple times , where he took videos , photos and other data . police found more than 90 videos and 1,500 photos of the victim on boykin 's phone and computer . the victim filed a complaint after seeing images of herself on his phone last year . boykin plead guilty to unlawful photography , aggravated burglary and violation of the computer act , the nashville district attorney 's office said . police said the incident happened in a tsa-only restroom , and that there was no evidence public restrooms were targeted . a tsa official tells cnn that boykin worked in an administrative capacity and did n't engage in public security screening . assistant district attorney amy hunter said this case was one of the worst invasion of privacy cases she 's seen . `` we are thankful that the sentence includes periodic confinement so that the sentence will hopefully make an impression on this defendant and others , '' hunter said in a statement . the judge , randall wyatt , on friday called the invasion of privacy `` egregious . '' his sentence also includes five and a half years of probation , which will include gps monitoring . boykin was terminated last year when the investigation began . `` tsa holds its employees to the highest ethical standards and has zero tolerance for misconduct in the workplace , '' tsa 's ross feinstein said in a statement .
 those poor fish must have been wondering what the heck was happening to them . the oregon parks and recreation department has reported that a section of a fiberglass boat 20 or 30 feet long was spotted off the state 's coast this week and has been towed into harbor . the debris is suspected to be from the earthquake and tsunami that hit japan on march 11 , 2011 . the boat fragment was found this week and towed to newport , oregon , where it is moored at a marina . inside were found -- more than four years and 4,000 miles later , if officials ' suspicions are correct -- some specimens of a variety of yellowtail jack fish normally found in japanese waters . biologists with the oregon coast aquarium and oregon state university 's hatfield marine science center inspected the debris while it was still at sea and determined that the ecological threat posed by invasive species was small . the remnants of the boat will be dried out , inspected further and taken to a landfill . but for the yellowtail jack fish , the journey is not over . they 'll be taken to the oregon coast aquarium .
 all eyes are going to be on the new kid finally allowed to play and the big kid who for so long wanted nothing to do with him -- cuba and the united states in the same diplomatic playground . cuba pulled off a diplomatic coup by marshaling the support of other regional countries to insist on their attendance at the summit of the americas . and for the first time since 1962 , the u.s. has not blocked cuba 's attempt to join . now it 's time to see how they play and who they play with -- especially venezuela , which often falls out with washington for crushing dissent at home and supplying havana with billions of dollars in oil . cuba is trying to re-establish itself at the two-day summit in panama , arriving with more than 100 government officials , diplomats , small business people and artists . but cuba 's attempts to rebrand itself as an open , diverse society stumbled wednesday when government supporters and anti-castro supporters brawled in the streets of panama . video of the incident showed cuban government officials exchanging punches and insults with dissidents until panamanian police in riot gear broke up the melee . with the historic thawing in relations between the u.s. and cuba , washington now has urgent business to discuss with havana . `` we have really big issues with the cubans that do need to be solved , '' said ambassador vicki huddleston , who served as the chief of the u.s. interests section in havana . she added `` the cubans are typical of their negotiating style . you think it 's going to be easy because we have said ` we are going to have good relations with you ' and they say , ` that 's not exciting for us and it is for you . ' so they are hard negotiators as they always have been . '' the forum could provide the opportunity to push forward an agreement to re-establish formal relations and re-open embassies after nearly four months of negotiations . while president barack obama is not scheduled to meet cuban leader raul castro , u.s. officials said there will be opportunities for `` interaction '' between the two leaders . the first time the two heads of state met was in 2013 at nelson mandela 's funeral . their brief handshake captured the world 's attention and lit up social media . few people then knew that the two countries were secretly involved in negotiations to thaw five decades of deadlocked cold war-era relations . obama had said he had hoped a u.s. embassy would reopen in havana before the summit , but cuban officials have said they can not imagine a full restoration of diplomatic ties until cuba is removed from the u.s. state department list of countries that support terrorism . `` it would be difficult to explain that diplomatic relations have been resumed while cuba has been unjustly listed as a state sponsor of international terrorism , '' said josefina vidal , the general director of u.s. affairs at the cuban foreign ministry and lead negotiator in the talks . cuba was added to the list in 1982 , which includes syria , iran and sudan . the designation carries financial sanctions which cuban officials say further damages their already ailing economy . the state department has sent a recommendation to the white house that cuba be removed , paving the way for the white house to announce its intent to de-list cuba as early as this week , two administration officials told cnn . removal from the list `` does not relate to whether or not we agree with everything a country does or whether we agree with its political system , or its foreign policy , '' deputy national security adviser ben rhodes said on a conference call with reporters tuesday . `` it 's a very practical review as to whether or not a government is sponsoring terrorism . '' rhodes also dialed backed rhetoric on venezuela , saying the country did not pose a national security threat to the united states , despite a recent declaration to that effect . the designation was meant to allow officials to target seven allegedly corrupt venezuelan officials , but it ignited a firestorm , particularly in cuba , which has close ties to venezuela . deceased venezuelan president hugo chavez was a friend and admirer of former cuban leader fidel castro . chavez 's successor nicolas maduro continues to send cuba tens of thousands of barrels of oil each day , despite his country 's own economic turmoil . in exchange , cuba sends doctors , military advisers and sports trainers to venezuela . in cuba 's state-run media , criticism of u.s. policy towards venezuela has overshadowed the improvement in u.s.-cuba relations . in march , fidel castro published a letter criticizing the u.s. ' `` brutal plans towards '' venezuela and the cuban government promised `` unconditional aid '' to help defend against american threats . its remains to be seen how much cuba will risk its warming relations with the united states to back up ally venezuela . but apparently there is little doubt among the cuban people on what their government should do . a poll of 1,200 cubans released on wednesday found that 97 % of the people surveyed by miami-based polling firm bendixen & amandi on behalf of the washington post and univision noticias/fusion supported improved u.s.-cuban relations .
 isis claimed it controlled part of iraq 's largest oil refinery sunday , posting images online that purported to show the storming of the facility , fierce clashes and plumes of smoke rising above the contested site . the group said it launched an assault on the baiji oil refinery late saturday . by sunday , isis said its fighters were inside the refinery and controlled several buildings , but iraqi government security officials denied that claim and insisted iraqi forces remain in full control . cnn could n't independently verify isis ' claim . it would n't be the first time that militants and iraqi forces have battled over the refinery , a key strategic resource that has long been a lucrative target because the facility refines much of the fuel used by iraqis domestically . if an attack damaged oil fields or machinery , it could have a significant impact . the refinery is just 40 kilometers  25 miles  from the northern iraqi city of tikrit , which iraqi forces and shiite militias wrested from isis less than two weeks ago . cnn 's jennifer deaton and catherine e. shoichet contributed to this report .
 two alabama college students are accused of gang raping a woman while on spring break at florida 's panama city beach . ryan calhoun and delonte martistee , students at troy university , were arrested and charged with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators , according to a statement from the bay county , florida , sheriff 's office . the troy , alabama , police department found video of what appeared to be a panama city gang rape during the course of an investigation into an unrelated shooting . the video was turned over to the bay county sheriff 's office . the bay county sheriff 's office criminal investigations division has identified the victim in the video but said state law prevents the office from releasing any information about her . she was a visitor in panama city . `` we are not releasing her location or any additional information on victim to protect her from further trauma , '' said sheriff 's spokesman tommy ford . after interviewing witnesses , bay county investigators determined the alleged rape took place sometime from march 10 , 2015 , to march 12 , 2015 , behind spinnaker beach club , a popular bar and dance club for spring breakers . a statement from troy university confirmed the two men are current students . `` the students have been placed on temporary suspension from school per the university 's standards of conduct and disciplinary procedures . martistee , a member of the track and field team , has also been removed from the team . '' the investigation continues and more arrests are expected , the bay county sheriff 's office said . calhoun and martistee will have their first court appearance saturday morning , a bay county deputy said . cnn could not determine if the men have attorneys .
 getting caught napping on the job is never good . getting caught napping on the job in the cargo hold of a plane takes it to a whole different level . alaska airlines flight 448 was just barely on its way to los angeles from seattle-tacoma international airport on monday afternoon when the pilot reported hearing unusual banging from the cargo hold . `` there could be a person in there so we 're going to come back around , '' he told air traffic control . the banging in the cargo hold did come from a person and he turned out to be a ramp agent from menzies aviation , a contractor for alaska airlines that handles loading the luggage , the airline said . the man told authorities he had fallen asleep . it appears he was never in any danger . the cargo hold is pressurized and temperature controlled , the airline said . the plane was also only in the air for 14 minutes . the passengers knew something was n't right , almost as soon as the plane took off . `` all of a sudden we heard all this pounding underneath the plane and we thought there was something wrong with the landing gear , '' robert higgins told cnn affiliate kabc . the pounding grew louder . `` at that point , we started hearing yelling , screams for help , very , very faint , '' jamie davis said . `` that 's when we notified the flight attendant that there was somebody underneath us . '' as the banging continued , a federal air marshal sprang into action . `` at some point , the marshal kind of made himself known , '' said troi ge . `` he started banging back , and he yelled really loud and said , ` we 're getting ready to land , hold on to something . ' '' the emergency landing spooked the folks aboard flight 448 . affiliate komo spoke to marty collins , another one of the passengers . `` we just took off for l.a. regular and then ... about five minutes into the flight the captain came on and said we were going back and we 'd land within five to seven minutes , and we did , '' collins said . `` when we landed was when all the trucks and the police and the fire trucks surrounded the plane . '' `` i think it 's scary and really unsafe , too , '' chelsie nieto told affiliate kcpq . `` because what if it 's someone who could have been a terrorist ? '' the ramp agent appeared to be in ok after the ordeal . he was taken to an area hospital as a precaution , the airline said . he passed a drug test and was discharged . the employee started work at 5 a.m. and his shift was scheduled to end at 2:30 p.m. , just before the flight departed . `` during a pre-departure huddle , the team lead noticed the employee was missing . the team lead called into the cargo hold for the employee and called and texted the employee 's cell phone , but did not receive an answer . his co-workers believed he finished his shift and went home , '' the airline 's blog said . alaska airlines said it 's investigating . the man had been on a four-person team loading baggage onto the flight . all ramp employees have security badges , and undergo full criminal background checks before being hired , according to the airline . after the delay , the flight with 170 passengers and six crew members on board made it to los angeles early monday evening . cnn 's greg morrison contributed to this report .
 a hooded angel with black wings appeared on tuesday near the spot where walter scott was shot and killed by a police officer in north charleston , south carolina , on saturday . since then , it 's been taken up as an icon of the black lives matter movement . when protesters held the winged figure at a wednesday morning rally outside north charleston 's city hall , the artwork was widely photographed . creator phillip hyman grew up in the neighborhood where scott , an unarmed black man , was shot in the back several times by a white police officer on saturday . hyman now lives in another part of the city and could n't stop thinking about it . he woke up about 3 a.m. a couple of days after scott was killed and began searching for materials . `` art is really about that moment . i just could n't take it any longer , '' he said . hyman dug into the trash and found a piece of wood that was the perfect size . then he picked up a can of black house paint and started making the reclaimed wood into a work of art . the 56-year-old said he crafted the artwork as a way of mourning with the family . `` that 's who all this should really be about , not about the propaganda and making it your own story , '' said hyman , who talks quickly and passionately about his subject material . `` shooting him in the back and just the indignity of it all . '' the figure , painted black in mourning for the family , has wings because it 's going to heaven , hyman said . the man depicted in hyman 's piece is dressed in a hooded sweatsuit , though that 's not what scott was wearing when he was killed . hyman said he prefers not to say too much about who the black angel figure is . people can look at the art and make their own interpretations , he said . `` it 's a statement of where we are in america today . it 's relevant in charleston , ferguson , florida , anywhere now . '' after hyman put the piece up on tuesday near where scott was killed , he got a call from a local protester with the black lives matter movement , which has staged protests around the country in the wake of high-profile deaths at the hands of police . the group asked for permission to use his artwork in its demonstrations at the north charleston city hall . hyman was happy to oblige . each day , the protesters call hyman and he either carries the angel-winged artwork to the protest , or the protesters come over to his home to pick it up . `` it 's taken a life of its own , so i 'm letting it do what it 's supposed to do now , '' he said . freelance photographer joel woodhall spotted the artwork and wondered where it came from . woodhall , who lives in nearby charleston , said the artwork made him feel sorrow for a life ended too soon . `` it was very emotionally moving . it 's beautiful , '' he told cnn . this is n't the first time hyman has used artwork to effect change : he restored a local theater to its former glory . he commemorated martin luther king jr. 's birthday by painting a mural in a bad neighborhood that needed light . hyman 's wife , kay , says her husband always paints from the heart . `` to see this recognized , he just goes into tears because it 's very special to him . ''
 after a russian fighter jet intercepted a u.s. reconnaissance plane in an `` unsafe and unprofessional manner '' earlier this week , the united states is complaining to moscow about the incident . on tuesday , a u.s. rc-135u was flying over the baltic sea when it was intercepted by a russian su-27 flanker . the pentagon said the incident occurred in international airspace north of poland . the u.s. crew believed the russian pilot 's actions were `` unsafe and unprofessional due to the aggressive maneuvers it performed in close proximity to their aircraft and its high rate of speed , '' pentagon spokesman mark wright said . russian state news agency sputnik reported the u.s. plane was flying toward the russian border with its transponder switched off , according to a defense ministry spokesman . maj. gen. igor konashenkov said the russian jet flew around the u.s. plane several times to identify it and get its tail number . an official with the u.s. european command said the claim that the transponder was off was false . wright said the pentagon and state department will `` file the appropriate petition through diplomatic channels '' with russia . this is not the first time the u.s. has complained about an incident involving a rc-135u and a su-27 . a year ago , a russian jet flew within 100 feet of a rc-135u over the sea of okhotsk in the western pacific , according to u.s. officials who called it `` one of the most dangerous close passes in decades . '' the pentagon complained to the russia military about that incident . russian and u.s. aircraft often encounter each other , both in northern europe as well as the area between the russian far east and alaska . cnn 's steve brusk and jamie crawford contributed to this report .
 for more than four days , police say , a 21-year-old quadriplegic with cerebral palsy was left lying in the woods of philadelphia 's cobbs creek park with only a blanket and a bible . the person responsible is the man 's mother , who on sunday faced a host of charges after allegedly abandoning her son and catching a bus to maryland to see her boyfriend , said philadelphia police lt. john walker . low temperatures reached the mid-30s during the week , and rain was reported in the area wednesday and thursday . the man is unable to communicate how he came to be in the park , but walker told reporters that the man 's mother , whom he did not identify for cnn , left him there monday morning . `` sometime at 11 a.m. , the mother went to visit her boyfriend down in maryland , over in montgomery county , and we believe she placed the child into cobbs creeks park , '' walker said at a news conference . walker told cnn the man was transported to presbyterian hospital , but cnn affiliates reported he was being treated at the children 's hospital of philadelphia . he suffered eye problems , dehydration , malnutrition and a cut to the back that has raised infection concerns , the lieutenant told reporters . `` this kid 's obviously a fighter , '' walker said during a saturday news conference . `` it 's just unbelievable how we found him out there last night . to see that kid laying there , it 's heartbreaking to see another human , especially a mother , can treat someone like that . '' officials at philadelphia 's school of the future , which the man attends , became concerned when he did n't show up for classes and tried to contact his mother but eventually reached an aunt , cnn affiliate wpvi reported . when police tracked down the mother , she told them her son was with her , walker said . `` she indicated to both family members and the police officers that the child was with her down with her boyfriend in maryland , '' he said . the boyfriend was not aware of what happened , walker told cnn affiliate kyw-tv . the mother now stands charged with aggravated assault , simple assault , reckless endangerment of another person , neglect of a care-dependent person , unlawful restraint , kidnapping and false imprisonment , the station reported . walker told reporters she bore `` clear criminal liability in this case . '' maryland police took her into custody on sunday , and she will face the charges in philadelphia following an extradition hearing , wpvi reported . there was no reason for the man to suffer , walker told philly.com , because the mother had sisters willing to take care of him . two of his aunts , who have tried to obtain guardianship of him , were staying with him at the hospital , police told the website . the mother has another child , a 16-year-old , who is also being taken care of by family members , wpvi reported . the mother 's arrest was only the beginning of the investigation , walker told reporters . authorities are interested in learning more about `` how this kid was cared for , and what actions were taken and providing of services by different agencies . '' cnn 's carma hassan contributed to this report .
 president barack obama says he is `` absolutely committed to making sure '' israel maintains a military advantage over iran . his comments to the new york times , published on sunday , come amid criticism from israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu of the deal that the united states and five other world powers struck with iran . tehran agreed to halt the country 's nuclear ambitions , and in exchange , western powers would drop sanctions that have hurt the iran 's economy . obama said he understands and respects netanyahu 's stance that israel is particularly vulnerable and does n't `` have the luxury of testing these propositions '' in the deal . `` but what i would say to them is that not only am i absolutely committed to making sure they maintain their qualitative military edge , and that they can deter any potential future attacks , but what i 'm willing to do is to make the kinds of commitments that would give everybody in the neighborhood , including iran , a clarity that if israel were to be attacked by any state , that we would stand by them , '' obama said . that , he said , should be `` sufficient to take advantage of this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to see whether or not we can at least take the nuclear issue off the table , '' he said . the framework negotiators announced last week would see iran reduce its centrifuges from 19,000 to 5,060 , limit the extent to which uranium necessary for nuclear weapons can be enriched and increase inspections . the talks over a final draft are scheduled to continue until june 30 . but netanyahu and republican critics in congress have complained that iran wo n't have to shut down its nuclear facilities and that the country 's leadership is n't trustworthy enough for the inspections to be as valuable as obama says they are . obama said even if iran ca n't be trusted , there 's still a case to be made for the deal . `` in fact , you could argue that if they are implacably opposed to us , all the more reason for us to want to have a deal in which we know what they 're doing and that , for a long period of time , we can prevent them from having a nuclear weapon , '' obama said .
 one year after it was perpetrated , the kidnapping of nearly 300 schoolgirls by a jihadist group in nigeria remains a crime almost too horrifying to comprehend : hundreds of teenaged girls , just finishing school , destined perhaps for significant achievement -- kidnapped , never to be seen again . `` this crime has rightly caused outrage both in nigeria and across the world , '' the country 's president-elect , muhammadu buhari , said tuesday in marking the anniversary . `` today is a time to reflect on the pain and suffering of the victims , their friends and families . our thoughts and prayers , and that of the whole nigerian nation , are with you today . '' the girls were abducted on the night of april 14-15 , 2014 , in the town of chibok , in northeastern nigeria , about a two-hour drive from the border with cameroon . the government girls secondary school had been closed for a month because of the danger posed by boko haram militants , who are opposed to western education , particularly for girls . but students from several schools had been called in to take a final exam in physics . the militants stormed the school , arriving in a convoy of trucks and buses and engaging in a gun battle with school security guards . then they forced the girls from their dormitories , loaded them into trucks and drove them into the forest . most have never been seen since , except in a photograph in which they sat on the ground in a semi-circle , clad in islamic dress . they were between 16 and 18 years old . police said the militants kidnapped 276 girls in all . about 50 managed to escape soon after they were abducted . those who did not , it is feared , may have been raped , brutalized , enslaved and forced to convert to islam . their parents were stricken with grief . the world was appalled . on twitter , a hashtag began trending and spread around the world : #bringbackourgirls . on tuesday , malala yousafzai , the 17-year-old pakistani girl who was shot in the face for speaking out in favor of girls ' education , sent a message to the kidnapped girls . `` i am one of the millions of people around the world who keep you and your families foremost in our thoughts and prayers , '' she wrote . `` we can not imagine the full extent of the horrors you have endured . but please know this : we will never forget you . '' one year later , a few things have changed . each of the missing girls has had a birthday in captivity . each is now a year older . nigeria 's current president , goodluck jonathan , was defeated in his campaign for re-election , in part , it is thought , because he failed to effectively combat boko haram . buhari , the incoming president , has pledged an aggressive effort to wipe out the group . but much remains unchanged , as well . boko haram still controls swathes of northeastern nigeria . according to unicef , 800,000 children have been forced to flee their homes because of the conflict between the nigerian military , civilian self-defense groups , and boko haram . amnesty international says women and children continue to be abducted . and it says boko haram continues to kill in large numbers . beyond that , more than 200 schoolgirls who had gathered one year ago to take their science exam are still missing . their families are still bereft . and tuesday on twitter , a hashtag was still trending : #bringbackourgirls .
 police added attempted murder to the list of charges against the mother of a quadriplegic man who was left in the woods for days , philadelphia police spokeswoman christine o'brien said tuesday . nyia parler can not be extradited to face the charges in philadelphia until she completes an unspecified `` treatment , '' maryland police said monday . when she does arrive , she will be charged with aggravated assault , simple assault , recklessly endangering another person and related offenses , in addition to the attempted murder count , o'brien said . the montgomery county  maryland  department of police took parler , 41 , into custody sunday after philadelphia police reported that she left her 21-year-old son in the woods while she hopped a bus to see her boyfriend in maryland . a man walking through the woods found him friday `` lying in leaves , covered in a blanket with a bible and a wheelchair nearby , '' philadelphia police say . citing federal health care privacy laws , montgomery county police spokesman capt. paul starks said he could not divulge why parler was receiving treatment , but he said she had to complete it before she could be extradited . she remained in treatment as of tuesday morning , starks told cnn . if she chooses not to challenge her extradition , she will be transported to philadelphia once the treatment is complete , he said . for more than four days , police say , the quadriplegic man , who also suffers from cerebral palsy , was left lying in the woods of philadelphia 's cobbs creek park . low temperatures reached the mid-30s during the week , and rain was reported in the area wednesday and thursday . the man is unable to communicate how he came to be in the park , but philadelphia police lt. john walker told reporters that the man 's mother left him there the morning of april 6 . starks identified the mother as parler on monday . `` the mother went to visit her boyfriend down in maryland , over in montgomery county , and we believe she placed the child into cobbs creeks park , '' walker said at a news conference . walker told cnn the man was transported to presbyterian hospital , but cnn affiliates reported he was being treated at the children 's hospital of philadelphia . he suffered eye problems , dehydration , malnutrition and a cut to his back that raised infection concerns , the lieutenant told reporters . `` this kid 's obviously a fighter , '' walker said during a saturday news conference . `` it 's just unbelievable how we found him out there last night . to see that kid laying there , it 's heartbreaking to see another human , especially a mother , can treat someone like that . '' officials at philadelphia 's school of the future , which the man attends , became concerned when he did n't show up for classes last week and tried to contact his mother but eventually reached an aunt , philadelphia police said . `` the aunt was in contact via text message with nyia throughout the week and when she expressed her concerns about the complainant , nyia replied , ` we 're ok , ' which the aunt believed meant that the victim was with nyia in maryland , '' according to a police news release . when police tracked down the mother , she told them her son was with her , walker said . `` she indicated to both family members and the police officers that the child was with her down with her boyfriend in maryland , '' he said . the boyfriend was not aware of what happened , walker told cnn affiliate kyw-tv . walker told reporters she bore `` clear criminal liability in this case . '' there was no reason for the man to suffer , walker told philly.com , because the mother had sisters willing to take care of him . two of his aunts , who have tried to obtain guardianship of him , were staying with him at the hospital , police told the website . parler 's sister told police that parler has another child , a 16-year-old . the mother 's arrest was only the beginning of the investigation , walker told reporters . authorities are interested in learning more about `` how this kid was cared for , and what actions were taken and providing of services by different agencies . '' cnn 's chuck johnston and carma hassan contributed to this report .
 a new kansas law banning a common second-term abortion procedure is the first of its kind in the united states . the law , signed by kansas gov. sam brownback on tuesday , bans what it describes as `` dismemberment abortion '' and defines as `` knowingly dismembering a living unborn child and extracting such unborn child one piece at a time from the uterus . '' supporters of the measure described it as a groundbreaking step , while opponents warned it was dangerous and among the most restrictive abortion laws in the country . the law does not spell out a specific time frame that limits when an abortion can occur , but it bans the dilation and evacuation abortion procedure commonly used during the second trimester of pregnancy . the law allows for the procedure if `` necessary to protect the life or health of the mother , '' according to a statement on brownback 's website . on twitter , brownback , a republican , said he was proud to sign a law `` protecting life at its most vulnerable stage . '' planned parenthood advocates of kansas and mid-missouri sharply criticized the move , which it described as the latest in a series of `` extreme political measures aimed at denying women access to health care and at undermining their decision-making ability . '' `` kansas is now not only the sole state with this atrocious law ; it also now has more restrictions on abortion than any state in the u.s. , '' the advocacy group said in a facebook post . both sides appear to be prepared to take their battle over such measures to other states -- and to court . carol tobias , the president of national right to life , said in a statement that the kansas law was the first of what her organization hopes `` will be many state laws . '' `` this law has the power to transform the landscape of abortion policy in the united states , '' she said . julie burkhart , ceo of wichita-based south wind women 's center , said on twitter that the signing of the law marked a sad day for kansas and the united states . `` this law puts women at risk and ties doctors ' hands , '' she said . `` we 'll continue to fight ! '' cnn 's sam stringer contributed to this report .
 the mother of a quadriplegic man who police say was left in the woods for days can not be extradited to face charges in philadelphia until she completes an unspecified `` treatment , '' maryland police said monday . the montgomery county  maryland  department of police took nyia parler , 41 , into custody sunday after philadelphia police reported that she left her 21-year-old son in the woods while she hopped a bus to see her boyfriend in maryland . a man walking through the woods found him friday `` lying in leaves , covered in a blanket with a bible and a wheelchair nearby , '' philadelphia police say . citing federal health care privacy laws , montgomery county police spokesman capt. paul starks said he could not divulge why parler was receiving treatment , but he said she had to complete it before she could be extradited . she remained in treatment as of tuesday morning , starks told cnn . if she chooses not to challenge her extradition , she will be transported to philadelphia once the treatment is complete , he said . for more than four days , police say , the quadriplegic man , who also suffers from cerebral palsy , was left lying in the woods of philadelphia 's cobbs creek park . low temperatures reached the mid-30s during the week , and rain was reported in the area wednesday and thursday . the man is unable to communicate how he came to be in the park , but philadelphia police lt. john walker told reporters that the man 's mother left him there the morning of april 6 . starks identified the mother as parler on monday . `` the mother went to visit her boyfriend down in maryland , over in montgomery county , and we believe she placed the child into cobbs creeks park , '' walker said at a news conference . walker told cnn the man was transported to presbyterian hospital , but cnn affiliates reported he was being treated at the children 's hospital of philadelphia . he suffered eye problems , dehydration , malnutrition and a cut to his back that raised infection concerns , the lieutenant told reporters . `` this kid 's obviously a fighter , '' walker said during a saturday news conference . `` it 's just unbelievable how we found him out there last night . to see that kid laying there , it 's heartbreaking to see another human , especially a mother , can treat someone like that . '' officials at philadelphia 's school of the future , which the man attends , became concerned when he did n't show up for classes last week and tried to contact his mother but eventually reached an aunt , philadelphia police said . `` the aunt was in contact via text message with nyia throughout the week and when she expressed her concerns about the complainant , nyia replied , ` we 're ok , ' which the aunt believed meant that the victim was with nyia in maryland , '' according to a police news release . when police tracked down the mother , she told them her son was with her , walker said . `` she indicated to both family members and the police officers that the child was with her down with her boyfriend in maryland , '' he said . the boyfriend was not aware of what happened , walker told cnn affiliate kyw-tv . when she arrives in philadelphia , the mother will stand charged with aggravated assault , simple assault , recklessly endangering another person and related offenses , a philadelphia police spokeswoman said . walker told reporters she bore `` clear criminal liability in this case . '' there was no reason for the man to suffer , walker told philly.com , because the mother had sisters willing to take care of him . two of his aunts , who have tried to obtain guardianship of him , were staying with him at the hospital , police told the website . parler 's sister told police that parler has another child , a 16-year-old . the mother 's arrest was only the beginning of the investigation , walker told reporters . authorities are interested in learning more about `` how this kid was cared for , and what actions were taken and providing of services by different agencies . '' cnn 's chuck johnston and carma hassan contributed to this report .
 what would you do if a complete stranger asked you for $ 100 , or offered you an apple in a parking lot without explanation ? these are only two of the 100 challenges chinese-born , american-based jia jiang put himself up to when he decided to blog about `` 100 days of rejection '' , a project he launched after he quit his comfortable six-figure job to follow his dreams of being an entrepreneur at the age of 30 , just weeks before his first child was born . after his tech start-up was declined investment , jiang decided to confront his fear of rejection head-on . this led to his writing his book called rejection proof , part self-help and part motivational/autobiography , which is being released this week . famously , in 2012 on his third day of the project , jiang asked austin , texas , krispy kreme manager  jackie braun  to make him five interlinked donuts to mimic the olympic symbol . to his surprise , she rose to the challenge and his rejection request faltered . he shared his video and it went viral on reddit . before long , jiang  and braun  were invited on talk shows and jiang was being asked to speak at events across the us . jiang was even offered jobs as his project continued and his fame grew . that was n't the goal of the project though . `` i 'm really just a person trying to overcome my own fears , '' explained jiang . the project started out to help `` fix my own problems , and now i 'm helping others fix theirs , '' he said . `` the fear of rejection really holds people back . i 'm trying to demystify the idea of rejection . '' jiang , who as a child dreamed of being bill gates and has been viewed 7 million times on youtube , has found his entrepreneurial dream in a different role for the moment . `` my goal is to turn rejection into opportunity . i always thought it was something to run away from , but if we can embrace it , we can turn it into a lot more than an obstacle . '' 8 top tips in making rejection work for you : . 1 - the fear of rejection holds us back a lot more than actual rejection . by putting ourselves out there , the world will usually open itself up to you . though the world can seem cruel and cold , actually humans have a hard time saying no . so open yourself up , do n't be afraid to ask for something . if you fail , remember it 's not about you . 2 - rejection is more or less a numbers game . sometimes the most far-fetched idea gets a yes . if you talk to enough people , somebody will say yes to you . j.k. rowling went through 12 rejections to get her yes for harry potter and the philosopher 's stone . 3 - you can not use rejection to measure the merit of an idea . sometimes if you really want to change the world , getting rejection is a must . rejection is a human interaction with two sides . it often says more about the rejector than the rejectee , and should never be used as the universal truth and sole judgment of merit . 4 - do n't run away after a no . the most common thing we do when we 're rejected is we want to run because rejection is painful - you 're hurt , angry and you lose confidence . but actually if we know how to handle it , we can often minimize the chance of rejection . be confident , engaging , collaborate . i used all of these traits to maximise getting a yes . 5 - ask why ? when you get rejected you have to find out why . then spend time to find solutions to solve that why . sometimes through this process you learn there is something else you can ask for . ask for an intermediate position rather than the top position . 6 - set a number of how many no 's you can take . in his book , jiang helps his wife set out to get her dream job at google . he tells her that instead of thinking about getting a job , she needs to prepare herself for how many no 's she can take . in the end , she was offered a job at google . 7 - be invincible . by the end of his project , jiang said he felt he could ask anything from anyone and not have the pain of rejection . it was a gradual process - gradually my comfort zone expanded . it 's like a muscle , i could become stronger and stronger . 8 - stand tall and remember rejection is an opinion . people are who they are . a lot of people will reject you because of their mood , their education , their upbringing , and you ca n't change who they are . but you can stand confidently . innate confidence comes across . how missing sleep can damage your iq . the surprising benefits of doing nothing . 7 habits of highly ineffective people .
 over the last year more than 25,000 people , a population about the size of key west , florida , have fought ebola infections . more than 10,000 have not survived . but for those who have survived , life will never be the same . and even for those who did not experience ebola personally , the `` most severe public health emergency seen in modern times '' showed the world its vulnerability to disease . it revealed real flaws in government systems that are supposed to protect us . while the intensity of the largest ebola epidemic in history has died down , and the initial dire predictions that there would be over a million infections by january never came true , dozens are still newly infected each week . the latest world health organization report confirmed a total of 30 new confirmed cases of ebola were reported in the week of april 5 . this is the lowest weekly total since may 2014 . but reports are mixed on stopping the virus completely : in liberia and sierra leone , the number of cases has fallen so much , there are more treatment facilities than demand . who in liberia is in the process of decommissioning surplus facilities . but in guinea , of the 19 confirmed deaths from april 5 , seven were only identified as ebola post-mortem and there were reports of 21 unsafe burials . `` taken together these data indicate that though surveillance is improving , unknown chains of transmission could be a source of new infections in the coming weeks , '' the latest who report said . click on the photos above to learn how a grave digger , a first responder , and many others have changed in the wake of ebola .
 it was like a scene out of `` make way for ducklings '' on tuesday on a rainy street in washington . cnn situation room correspondent brian todd and photojournalist khalil abdallah were on their way to interview a legal analyst on l street nw when they happened on a brood of baby ducks causing a stir . abdallah reports the ducklings and their mom had crossed heavily trafficked street , and some restaurant patrons stopped on the sidewalk to corral them . a man gave up his umbrella for the cause `` while the mom was going crazy . '' `` one duckling tried to run back to the street but they caught it in time , '' abdallah said . the mother duck followed the umbrella while pedestrians stopped cars on l street for them to safely cross the road . the washington post reports the pedestrians took the bird family to `` a more enclosed grassy area '' at 16th and l streets nw .  yes , baby ducks warrant two national news stories .  . `` we thought it was an extraordinary situation , '' todd said . `` you see pigeons , you see squirrels , you see the occasional raccoon in the d.c. area , and ... you see deer ... we 've never seen anything like this in the middle of town . ''
 the killing of an employee at wayne community college in goldsboro , north carolina , may have been a hate crime , authorities said tuesday . investigators are looking into the possibility , said goldsboro police sgt. jeremy sutton . he did not explain what may have made it a hate crime . the victim -- ron lane , whom officials said was a longtime employee and the school 's print shop operator -- was white , as is the suspect . lane 's relatives said he was gay , cnn affiliate wncn reported . the suspect , kenneth morgan stancil iii , worked with lane as part of a work-study program , but was let go from the program in early march due to poor attendance , college president kay albertson said tuesday . on monday , stancil walked into the print shop on the third floor of a campus building , aimed a pistol-grip shotgun and fired once , killing lane , according to sutton . stancil has tattoos on his face . sutton said investigators are looking into whether he is part of a white supremacist gang . he has no previous criminal record , authorities said . sutton said stancil fled on a motorcycle after the shooting and ultimately abandoned it in a highway median . then , stancil continued on to daytona , florida , but authorities do n't know how he traveled , sutton said . he was arrested just after 1 a.m. tuesday , after he was found sleeping on a beach , about 550 miles  885 kilometers  from goldsboro . volusia county beach patrol had approached him for violating the city 's ordinance against sleeping on the beach . he had a knife , police said . he was taken into custody without incident . authorities in north carolina expect to bring him back to face charges . wayne community college , a two-year school , has a student population of 3,837 , according 2013 figures from the national center for education statistics . slightly more than half the students are part-time . crime statistics from the center 's website show no killings , assaults , robberies or motor vehicle thefts between 2011 and 2013 . there were three arrests for illegal weapons possession in 2012 and three in 2013 .
 former australia cricket captain and legendary broadcaster richie benaud has died at the age of 84 . benaud , whose witty one-liners from the commentary box resonated far beyond australia 's shores , said last year he was being treated for skin cancer . `` after don bradman , there has been no australian player more famous than richie benaud , '' cricket australia said on its website . `` benaud stood at the top of the game throughout his rich life , first as a record-breaking leg-spinner and captain , and then as cricket 's most famous -- and most impersonated -- broadcaster . '' a veteran of 64 test matches , benaud was inducted into the sport australia hall of fame in 1985 . while many regarded his voice as the soundtrack to an australian summer , benaud was equally revered by the cricketing public on the other side of the world where he spent more than four decades with the bbc taking the game into millions of british living rooms . but whether you were sitting in sydney or in south london , there were plenty of `` marvelous '' richie moments from the box to savor : . `` and glenn mcgrath dismissed for two , just ninety-eight runs short of his century . '' `` from our broadcasting box you ca n't see any grass at all . it is simply a carpet of humanity . '' `` captaincy is 90 % luck and 10 % skill . but do n't try it without that 10 % . '' news of his passing quickly generated a wave of condolences , including from australian prime minister tony abbott . `` to most australians richie benaud was cricket . he personified its traditions and its values , '' abbott said in a written statement friday . `` while many australians only know richard benaud as the voice of cricket , we should not forget that in his day he was a cricketer with few equals . it was why he was so insightful as a commentator . `` as a player his record has withstood the test of time . he led the australian side from 1958/59 through to 1963/1964 , never losing a series in his 28 tests as captain . `` as captain , he was first to lead a full australian tour to india and pakistan in 1959/60 . he was the first cricketer to reach a test double of 2,000 runs and 200 wickets . `` given the special place richie benaud has in our national life , i have asked that on the day of his funeral flags fly at half-mast . i extend my condolences and the condolences of the australian people , to his wife daphne and his family and friends . current australian captain michael clarke posted an image of benaud on instagram with the message : `` what a man . extremely sad day . you were a lot more then just a cricketer richie . rip . '' clarke 's former teammate shane warne also took to instagram to post a touching letter to the late commentator . he wrote : `` dear richie , i 've known you & daphne for close to 30 years & to everyone you were a legend on all levels & rightly so too . `` as a cricketer , commentator & as a person , you were the best there 's ever been & to top it off , an absolute gentleman ... for me it was an honour & a privilege to call you a close friend & mentor , we had so many wonderful times together , talking cricket & in particular , our love & passion of leg spin bowling . `` i will cherish our entertaining dinners & all the fun times we shared over a long period of time . i would also like to thank you & daphne for all your support & time you made for me as a young cricketer & leg spin bowler trying to make his way as an 18 year old , your tips & advice along the journey meant so much !!! `` richie , you were loved by everyone , not just the cricket family , you were the godfather of cricket & you will be missed by all ... r.i.p my friend . '' benaud , who was born in 1930 in penrith , new south wales , lead australia into an era of world dominance as a player . but it was after he hung up his spikes that his legendary status was confirmed . writing in a column in the australian , cricket writer gideon haigh wrote `` television was benaud 's calling , suiting his captain 's spontaneity and intuition . `` he was authoritative but not pedantic , dignified but not pompous , and never spoke unless he had something to say . he was so popular that many humorists strove to imitate him , so distinctive that none ever quite got him right . '' the bbc 's cricket correspondent jonathan agnew agreed . `` he was quite simply peerless . nobody else had his authority , popularity and skill , '' agnew said in a column on the bbc website . `` if you speak to any broadcaster from any sport , they will point to richie as the standard-bearer . '' australian national team coach darren lehmann said benaud set `` an incredibly high standard on and off the field . '' `` the fact that australia never lost a series under his captaincy says so much and those standards were just as high when he turned his attention to calling the game , '' he told cricket.com.au . `` we loved listening to him commentate when the team was together in the dressing room . when he was on air , we always had the tv volume turned up because his comments were so insightful . '' benaud 's passing also drew messages of sympathy on social media from beyond his native australia . imran khan , the former captain of pakistan and now a leading politician there , tweeted : `` saddened by the death of richie benaud , one of the greatest cricketing brains . '' while kumar sangakkara , the current captain of sri lanka 's test team , posted : `` so sad to hear about the passing of richie benaud . the great voice of cricket is no more . he defined an era with conviction and sincerity . '' british prime minister david cameron tweeted : `` i grew up listening to richie benaud 's wonderful cricket commentary . like all fans of the sport , i will miss him very much . '' cnn 's pierre meilhan and azadeh ansari contributed to this report .
 there 's an old saying which states the cape verde islands are home to a greater number of musicians per square kilometer than any other country in the world . in truth , such a definitive claim may be nigh on impossible to prove . but there is a certain factual accuracy behind the legend : the important and proud relationship the atlantic island country of just 500,000 people has with music . situated roughly 350 miles off the west coast of africa , cape verde has long been a mesh of cultures , history and races . the former portuguese territory was once a key location for the transatlantic slave trade , a target for 16th century pirates and a refuge for exiled jews . from this diverse melting pot were born the unique sounds of the batuque , morna , funana and other distinct musical styles . now , cape verde is seeking to tap-into the spoils of this rich cultural heritage in a bid to help its economy flourish . bereft of oil , gas , gold , diamonds or the conventional natural resources that have fueled growth in many other african countries , cape verde has had to look for alternative sectors to aid its development . and what 's more alternative than a jiving , swinging , musical economy ? `` besides fish , it is pretty common  for cape verde  to say ` our biggest richness is in music and culture , ' '' said christine semba of womex , an international networking platform for the world music genre . the economic potential of music has been also acknowledged by cape verde 's prime minister , jose maria neves , while the country 's ministry of culture is run by mario lucio de sousa , himself a popular musician . `` the future of our country lies in our capacity to create , our capacity to innovate , '' neves said in reference to the music and the arts at a world trade organization conference in 2013 . other elements of the creative economy include handicrafts , fashion and visual arts to name but a few . however , a 2013 report from the un conference on trade and development noted that cape verde 's creative sector remained a relatively small part of its economy with much room for improvement and long term planning . but that does n't mean there has n't been some promising early signs that music has the potential to play a key role in the future . one early musical success has been the kriol jazz festival . the event , which is celebrating its seventh edition , took place in the capital city of praia this past weekend . artists including grammy-winning u.s. singer esperanza spalding have been invited to perform , as have acts from the likes of luxembourg , brazil and , of course , cape verde . according to harold taveres , a liaison to the mayor of praia involved with promoting the festival , `` kjf has become one of the most spectacular events in cape verde . `` we breathe the music in cape verde , we live with the music , '' he added . `` now the festival has brought people from every corner in the world  to share in this  . '' during the festival , bars , hotels and restaurants are full to the brim while taxi drivers are seldom unable to find a fare during what locals refer to as `` the week of party . '' it 's a lucrative trade , for sure . yet in order to take full advantage of this bustling scene the country 's ministry of culture , alongside some enterprising private sector figures , thought a deeper relationship with the music business was required . enter the atlantic music expo , a three-year-old conference and networking event that seeks to help cape verdean artists secure international exposure . this year 's ame took place in the days before the kriol jazz festival . delegates , local musicians and their management teams were exposed to roundtables , workshops and talks on the intricacies of the global music business . `` we try to invite lots of producers and a lot of journalists from around the world to see the festival and the musicians from cape verde , '' said jose da silva , long time manager of the late cape verdean songstress cesaria evora . da silva is one of the driving forces behind ame as well as being the founder of the lusafrica and harmonia record labels that aim to discover a new generation of artists from cape verde . he hopes that by exposing musicians to a range of experienced industry professionals and top-level musicians , they will become equipped with the tools and ambition to take the music of cape verde across the globe . not only will this help launch the careers of artists and musicians  with all the respective behind the scenes business structures such developments require  but it will garner valuable attention for the country . this is where the greatest potential economic benefits lie . tourism is expected to account for 20 % of the country 's gdp by 2024 , according to research from the world travel and tourism council . getting cape verde 's name out on the world stage through recognition of its rich musical culture is therefore increasingly important . `` economically it 's beneficial for the country because the money we would have to spend on the market to give the country this exposure in the world would be too big , '' da silva said . `` this way it costs less money . '' semba agrees with this , and highlights the joined up thinking of the government and private sector actors like da silva for special praise . `` in the long term , the whole country is behind this event , '' semba said , adding `` this is a very innovative approach which we would like to see in many more countries . '' it must be noted , however , that few countries have the same natural resources for music as cape verde . more from marketplace africa .
 desperate migrants from africa and the middle east keep heading to europe , with 978 rescued friday in the mediterranean sea , the italian coast guard said saturday via twitter . the migrants were picked up 30 miles off the coast of libya , said european parliament member matteo salvini , the leader of italy 's far-right northern league . in the first three months of 2015 , italy registered more than 10,000 migrants arriving , the international organization for migration said , and about 2,000 were rescued at sea during the first weekend of april in the channel of sicily . most migrants recorded this year come from countries in west africa as well as somalia and syria , the imo said . they use libya as a country of transit . at least 480 migrants have died while crossing the mediterranean since the beginning of the year , often because of bad weather and overcrowded vessels used by smugglers , the imo said . sometimes the captains and crews abandon the ships , leaving passengers to fend for themselves . at this time last year , there were fewer than 50 deaths reported , the imo said . most of the migrants are asylum seekers , victims of trafficking or violence , unaccompanied children and pregnant women .
 `` hamlet . '' `` romeo and juliet . '' `` a midsummer night 's dream . '' for centuries , these plays and three dozen more by william shakespeare have formed history 's most heralded literary canon . but now they may have to make room for an addition to shakespeare 's famous oeuvre . new research indicates that `` double falsehood , '' a play first published in 1728 by lewis theobald , was actually written more than a century earlier by shakespeare himself with help from his friend john fletcher . the findings were published this week by two scholars who used computer software to analyze the writings of the three men and compare it with the language of the `` newer '' play . `` the match between the ` double falsehood ' play and shakespeare was a landslide . it was shockingly clear , '' said ryan l. boyd , a researcher at the university of texas at austin . the study , co-authored by boyd and ut colleague james w. pennebaker , was published in the journal psychological science . `` there 's very little wiggle room to interpret the numbers any differently . '' boyd said he and pennebaker analyzed 33 plays by shakespeare , nine by fletcher and 12 by theobald to create a `` psychological signature '' of each author based on word choices , phrase patterns and other factors . they compared those profiles to the language in `` double falsehood '' and determined that the play 's first half was almost entirely written by shakespeare , though the second half appeared to be split evenly between shakespeare and fletcher . only tiny traces of theobald 's signature were found . `` we 're certainly not suggesting that theobald did n't make edits , '' boyd told cnn . `` but he clearly did not write it . '' `` double falsehood , '' also known as `` the distressed lovers , '' is based on the `` cardenio '' section of don quixote , the classic 17th-century novel by miguel de cervantes . set in spain , the play revolves around the romantic entanglements of two brothers : one virtuous , one sinful . theobald said he based the play on three original manuscripts he had discovered , all of them written by shakespeare . but many scholars have long dismissed the play as a fake , suspecting that theobald tried to pass the bard 's work off as his own . shakespeare , who died in 1616 , wrote most of his published plays between 1590 and 1612 . british publishers arden shakespeare published `` double falsehood '' in 2010 -- for the first time in 250 years -- amid renewed claims by experts that it was shakespeare 's work . but the new study by boyd and pennebaker , the first to analyze the writings from a psychological perspective , may settle the matter once and for all . shakespearean scholar brean hammond , professor of modern english literature at nottingham university in the uk , praised the texas study for its scientific approach . hammond said boyd and pennebaker `` have got no dogs in the fight . they 're not literary scholars ,  so  their work could be seen as more objective than some of the literary studies . '' hammond studied `` double falsehood 's '' authorship from a literary perspective five years ago and found shakespeare 's dna evident in the play . but he doubts the new research will put the matter entirely to rest . `` those people who do n't believe the play was written by shakespeare are n't going to just lay down and die , '' he said .
 kenya froze dozens of accounts linked to suspected terror supporters after militants massacred 147 people last week at a university in garissa . the government is tracking the finances of people suspected of ties to al-shabaab , the militant group that claimed responsibility for the thursday attack . so far , the government has frozen 86 accounts , but that number could go up , said mwenda njoka , a spokesman for the interior ministry . the government has tracked supporters of the terror group since 2011 , and efforts to freeze their assets have gone on since then . it has a list of suspects from various parts of the country , but mostly in nairobi and mombasa , he said . kenyans mourned the victims of the attack tuesday night at nairobi 's uhuru park , where hundreds gathered . organizers unloaded 147 crosses , some draped with the nation 's flag , as candles flickered in the dark . of the fatalities , 142 were students at the university , and the rest were security forces and campus security . `` i ca n't even look at pictures of the people killed without crying , '' said mary wambui , 32 , who lives in nakuru , hundreds of miles from garissa . `` they were just children . they were trying to make a better life for themselves . some were first to go to college in their communities . they died trying to get an education . '' using the hashtag # 147notjustanumber , kenyans used social media to talk about the lives of the victims . they shared pictures of beaming faces , full of life and energy , in happier days . they talked about parents too shocked to speak after identifying their children 's bodies . some students remain unaccounted for , and wailing relatives alternate their searches between hospitals and morgues . kenyan authorities have not released the names of the victims . kenyan authorities had prior intelligence that a university in garissa could be attacked , yet the country 's rapid response team was stuck in nairobi for hours after the massacre awaiting transport , a police source said monday . the frozen accounts is the latest in a series of actions as the government faced heavy criticism for the siege , which lasted hours . a spokesman for president uhuru kenyatta said authorities `` got the job done '' and saved lives . the university had about 800 students . `` with the benefit of hindsight , you can always say things could have been done better , '' manoah esipisu said . kenya also launched airstrikes monday targeting al-shabaab 's training camps in somalia , according to a military source , who said they were not retaliation for last week 's massacre . `` the latest attack of al-shabaab bases by the kenya military is part of the ongoing operations that started in 2011 , '' the source said monday . kenya has also offered 20 million kenyan shillings , or about $ 215,000 , for information on the whereabouts of mohamed mohamud , who allegedly organized the attack . mohamud is a senior al-shabaab leader known by the aliases dulyadin and gamadhere , authorities said . al-shabaab is based in somalia , and its violence has spread to kenya before . in 2013 , militants attacked nairobi 's upscale westgate mall , leaving 67 people dead . the terror group has intensified attacks in kenya since the country sent troops to somalia four years ago to help battle the militants . cnn 's joseph netto reported from nairobi , and faith karimi reported and wrote from atlanta .
 irish betting company paddy power is backtracking after tweeting that `` newcastle have suffered more kop beatings over the last 20 years than an unarmed african-american male . '' the tweet , a pun on the name of the famous home end at liverpool football club , alluded to recent controversial incidents in the united states in which unarmed african-american men have been killed by police . paddy power -- well-known for its use of publicity stunts -- used it to link to a piece showing statistics for games between liverpool and newcastle united ahead of their english premier league match on monday . a paddy power spokesman told cnn before liverpool 's 2-0 victory at anfield : `` it was a joke , and no offense was meant . '' the tweet has since been deleted , but its removal -- along with the statement -- did little to placate social media users who condemned the organization , with some calling for the person who wrote the tweet to be sacked . in january , paddy power attracted headlines after backing david ginola 's failed candidacy for the presidency of world football 's governing body . the former paris saint-germain and tottenham player could not persuade enough fifa football associations to back his bid . he needed five to have any chance of unseating sepp blatter . paddy power started the funding for the candidacy , but its penchant for publicity stunts quickly led many people to dismiss ginola 's bid as another attempt to grab headlines . paddy power , the son of one the company 's founders and its marketing spokesman , explained : `` we 've been known for some mischievous activity around the world . this is not that . this is for real . '' last year , the company generated anger when it promised `` money back if he walks '' in relation to the trial of disgraced south african paralympian oscar pistorius . monday 's win put liverpool fifth in the table , four points behind defending champion manchester city , which holds england 's final european champions league qualification spot with six games left to play this season . young england forward raheem sterling , who has turned down a new contract , scored a fine solo goal in the first half , and midfielder joe allen 's 70th-minute strike condemned 13th-placed newcastle to a fifth successive league defeat . newcastle , which had france international midfielder moussa sissoko sent off in the 83rd minute , has not won at anfield since a 1-0 victory in the league cup in november 1995 .
 malala yousafzai 's stellar career has included a nobel peace prize . last week , she made it into outer space . a nasa astrophysicist has named an asteroid after the teenage education activist from pakistan , who was gravely wounded by a pakistani taliban gunman for promoting the right of girls ' to go to school . it took a meticulous medical response to save her life more than two years ago . but malala recovered with no serious neurological damage to become a powerhouse for her cause . after reading her story , scientist amy mainzer , who also consults for pbs on a children 's educational science show , decided malala deserved to be immortalized . so , she attached her name to the heavens . thousands of asteroids swarm through the solar system mainly between mars and jupiter . mainzer , working at the jet propulsion laboratory , discovered asteroid 316201 in june 2010 , which gave her the right to name it . `` my postdoctoral fellow dr. carrie nugent brought to my attention the fact that although many asteroids have been named , very few have been named to honor the contributions of women  and particularly women of color  , '' mainzer wrote in a note to malala . mainzer gave it the name 316201 malala , or 2010 ml48 . malala 's asteroid circles the sun between mars and jupiter every five and half years , mainzer said . `` it is about 4 kilometers in diameter , and its surface is very dark , the color of printer toner . '' as a scientist , her support for malala 's work is logical . when girls around the world also get educations , it increases human potential . `` we desperately need the brainpower of all smart people to solve some of humanity 's most difficult problems , and we ca n't afford to reject half the population 's , '' mainzer wrote .
 last month wu rongrong was taken into custody for planning to protest on international women 's day against sexual harassment in china . since then , the chinese authorities have formally detained her and four other activists for `` creating disturbances . '' they also briefly detained some of the activists ' supporters , raided a prominent nongovernmental organization that called for their release , and have at points denied some of the women access to medical treatment , lawyers and adequate rest . the fate of the five will be revealed by april 13 , as their case reaches the legal time limit when they must either be released or `` formally arrested , '' which almost always leads to conviction in china 's legal system . the timing of the detentions of china 's most inventive women 's rights activists is ironic : not only did they take place on the very day that marks women 's achievements and their struggle for equality , but they also come in a year in which beijing would have won praise for its role in promoting women 's rights . it appears poised to adopt its first and long-awaited anti-domestic violence law , which is expected to get a reading before the national people 's congress standing committee this summer . this year also marks the 20th anniversary of the influential fourth world conference on women hosted in beijing , during which hillary clinton famously declared that `` women 's rights are human rights . '' i first met wu at a conference several years ago , at a time when there were very few women in china 's weiquan or `` rights defense '' movement . it was common back then for male colleagues to publicly address them as `` babes '' or `` little sisters , '' even in professional -- and ostensibly progressive -- settings . as women 's rights activists , wu and others fight on two fronts : against overt rights violations by the chinese government and against the wider gender norms that relegate women to second-class citizens . by the time we met again two years later , wu and her young `` direct-action '' feminist colleagues were clearly off and running . they staged small , public `` performance art '' protests that attracted media headlines , energized the more mainstream and academically inclined women 's rights movement , and pushed women 's rights into the national consciousness and onto the government 's agenda . wu had an upbringing typical of her times . she comes from the countryside , which for many has changed beyond recognition within their lifetimes . in recent decades the economy has soared , but her generation is confronting the unhappy consequences of unchecked growth : pollution , unsafe foods and growing inequality between rich and poor . like many parents , she worries about how to find untainted milk powder for her infant boy , and whether to keep her child with her in the city or to send him to his grandparents in the countryside for a quieter , safer upbringing . many in wu and her colleagues ' generation are clear-eyed about the problems of china 's development model , and some want to address those . wu joined yirenping , a nonprofit organization that promotes social equality , whether it is between sexes or among people with and without disabilities , and later founded the women 's rights organization hangzhou women center . and it is in yirenping that she became particularly attuned to the challenges confronting young women in modern china . wu and her colleagues have used innovative tactics with a certain shock factor -- `` occupying '' public toilets to show the need for more such conveniences for women , donning blood-spattered wedding gowns to protest domestic violence , shaving their heads to protest against barriers to higher education for women -- that raises awareness of gender inequality in ways that resonate , especially with young women in the country . perhaps this is what the government finds threatening : that these activists epitomize the spirit of the times . they are young , confident , ready to challenge established norms , and most importantly , they feel responsible for their society and they want to improve it . as china prepares to mark the anniversary of the fourth world conference on women in september , it will be harder for the authorities to justify detaining these activists . but even if they are released , their work promoting women 's rights will have become exponentially more difficult . the women will now be labeled `` sensitive '' individuals at a time when the authorities are increasingly paranoid about independent groups , their role in fostering nonviolent protests and the overthrow of oppressive governments  known as `` color revolutions ''  , and foreign funding of civil society organizations . what wu and her colleagues are now enduring is consistent with a broader government effort to strangle independent activism . authorities have harassed and detained an ever expanding list of activists , and imprisoned others , but they have also tried to co-opt some groups by allowing them to provide services the government finds acceptable , so long as they abandon their activism . this kind of `` differentiated management '' of nongovernmental organizations -- punishing some but co-opting others -- may work to neutralize some of the more outspoken groups . but ultimately the desires for change among ordinary people that make wu and her friends ' campaigns so popular are unlikely to be answered through `` authoritarian activism '' alone . the chinese communist party now faces a dizzying array of challenges , not least that younger generations do not identify with the party or its values like past generations . rather than lengthening its list of challenges , the party could resolve some and lessen concerns about its legitimacy by freeing and engaging activists like wu and her colleagues , rather than treating them as criminals .
 jodi arias was sentenced to life in prison monday for the gruesome 2008 murder of her ex-boyfriend travis alexander . maricopa county judge sherry stephens could have sentenced arias to life with the possibility of early release after 25 years , but decided the convicted killer should spend the rest of her life behind bars . before her sentence was handed down , arias expressed remorse for her actions . `` to this day i ca n't believe that i was capable of doing something that terrible , '' arias said . `` i 'm truly disgusted and repulsed with myself . i 'm horrified because of what i did , and i wish there was some way i could take it back . '' earlier , travis alexander 's sisters gave their victim impact statements . hillary alexander said she 's trying to block her brother from her life . `` i do n't want to remember him anymore , because it hurts too much to remember him alive . ... i remember how he was brutally taken from us and i ca n't handle it . this is what i 've had to do so i can cope , '' she said through tears . arias , 34 , was found guilty of first-degree murder in may 2013 . the jury that convicted her found the murder was especially cruel , making arias eligible for the death penalty . however , that same jury was unable to reach a unanimous decision on whether she should live or die . a new jury was empanelled in october 2014 to decide arias ' fate , but they , too , were unable to reach a unanimous decision . because a second jury was deadlocked in the penalty phase of arias ' case , the death penalty was taken off the table , leaving arias ' sentence up to the judge . arias will serve her sentence at the lumley unit in the arizona state prison complex-perryville near goodyear , arizona .
 no prostitutes . no ifs , ands or buts -- and yes , that includes when and where prostitution is perfectly legal . that was the message friday from attorney general eric holder to members of the u.s. justice department , which includes the fbi , u.s. marshals service , bureau of alcohol , tobacco , firearms and explosives and other agencies . `` the solicitation of prostitution threatens the core mission of the department , '' holder wrote in a memo to all personnel in the department he heads . '' ... regardless of whether prostitution is legal or tolerated in a particular jurisdiction , soliciting prostitutes creates a greater demand for human trafficking and a consequent increase in the number of minor and adult persons trafficked into commercial sex slavery . '' holder does n't mention specific cases of federal agents and prostitution in his memo . nor is he dictating a new policy ; the attorney general said only that he wanted `` to reiterate to all department personnel , including attorneys and law enforcement officers , that they are prohibited from soliciting , procuring or accepting commercial sex . '' agents behaving badly overseas . the directive comes a few weeks after a justice department inspector general report found dea agents in foreign postings attended sex parties with prostitutes paid for by drug cartels , among other indiscretions . that report , by department inspector general michael horowitz , cited light punishments and poor handling of sexual misconduct cases at dea and other justice department agencies . justice department employees do n't have a monopoly on such stories : in 2012 , a group of agents and officers in the secret service -- which is part of the department of homeland security -- and officers sent to colombia ahead of president barack obama were relieved of duty and returned home amid allegations of misconduct that involved prostitution . that prostitute visit was arranged for by a dea agent stationed in colombia , according to horowitz 's office . if someone from the atf , fbi , federal bureau of prisons or a federal prosecutor is caught with a prostitute they 'll be suspended or fired , according to holder 's memo . `` this rule applies at all times during an individual 's employment , including while off duty or on personal leave . ''
 hillary clinton finally answered the question we 've all been asking for years : will she run for president in 2016 ? with official news of her candidacy just hours old , one thing is already crystal clear : for the next year and a half , clinton will be the barometer by which we assess gender equality in the united states . win or lose , this creates a burden for her that no male candidate will ever have to shoulder . just consider the two potential outcomes . a win would mean a woman in the white house , which is a vital step in the march toward women 's full political inclusion . but it 's possible that the march will end right there . we 'll break our arms patting ourselves on the back for how far we 've come . we 'll raise the `` mission accomplished '' banner over the women 's movement . and we 'll call it a day . granted , 80 % of elected officials throughout the country will still be men . women will continue to be less likely than men even to consider running for office . and pay inequities , sexual assault and human trafficking will persist as challenges that no one person can solve , no matter how hard clinton might try . `` but we 've elected a woman as president , '' we 'll say . let her take care of it . a loss would be even more difficult . clinton will be blamed for running a subpar campaign regardless of how brilliant her strategy is . more generally , her loss would perpetuate the myth that women can not win big elections , that the electoral environment is rife with bias and discrimination , and that women must be twice as good to get half as far . `` if hillary clinton ca n't win an election , '' potential female candidates will ask , `` how can i ? '' extrapolating from one female candidate 's experiences to women in politics more broadly is always suspect . but in the case of clinton , it is particularly flawed for at least two fundamental reasons . first , clinton is no ordinary female presidential candidate , if there is such a thing . she began the 2008 race with levels of name recognition that many candidates never achieve , and she is even more well-known today . but that means that she also enters the electoral arena with 23 years of public accomplishments and 23 years of well-publicized baggage . voters , donors , journalists and pundits all hold clear impressions of clinton before she ever eats a corn dog in iowa , steps onto a debate stage in new hampshire or takes a shot of bourbon in kentucky . too often , we treat clinton 's loss to barack obama in the 2008 democratic primary as a referendum on how citizens feel about electing women to positions of political power . in reality , what people knew about hillary clinton likely shaped their views of hillary clinton . widespread sexism and misogyny likely did not . after all , for decades , women who have run for office have performed just as well as men . they win elections at equal rates and routinely raise comparable amounts of money . do some voters still question women 's suitability as leaders ? of course they do . but these attitudes , which have become increasingly rare , do not translate into systematic biases against female candidates . second , presidential politics is , first and foremost , a partisan affair . the d or r in front of the candidates ' names -- not the x or y chromosomes in their dna -- tells us about how more than 90 % of the population will vote . party polarization has essentially rendered the importance of sex on the campaign trail far less relevant than might otherwise be the case . now , i 'll be the first to predict that by the middle of the week , we will be able to assemble a reel of sexist comments uttered by pundits , and we will be one mouse click away from a steady stream of misogynistic memes , photos and captions that have taken hold on social media . the clinton campaign will once again have to determine which incidents to address , which to ignore and how to preempt future episodes . i do n't want to diminish the problems associated with this type of behavior or the fact that it is inappropriate , disrespectful and appalling . and incorporating these concerns into a broad campaign strategy is likely something that male candidates wo n't need to consider . but men yelling `` iron my shirt '' at a campaign rally , cable news pundits associating clinton with their ex-wives outside of probate court and manufacturers producing hillary clinton nutcrackers do not change the fact that when it comes to presidential elections , partisanship and the state of the economy tell us almost everything we need to know . if clinton wins the race , it will be because it was a good year for democrats . and if she loses , it will be because the gop developed a winning message . but how much does any of this really matter ? sure , voters are amenable to electing women . any democratic nominee would face the same electoral landscape . the problems confronting women in society are just as grave regardless of who occupies the white house . and inferring too much from hillary clinton 's experiences is a risky endeavor . yet the minute clinton announced her candidacy , she became the official litmus test for true gender equality in the united states . that 's a label that no female candidate should have to wear . let the burden begin .
 it 's a good thing -- a lucky thing -- that a bystander had the courage and presence of mind to record the shocking video that shows a white police officer , michael slager , gunning down and killing an apparently unarmed black man named walter scott after a traffic stop in north charleston , south carolina . and the resulting national wave of revulsion and indignation -- along with the prompt arrest of slager on murder charges -- is a welcome and appropriate response . but the event raises broad , troubling questions about how often such incidents take place without the benefit of a third-party recording . it 's not supposed to be a mystery : more than 20 years ago , congress approved a law , the violent crime control and law enforcement act of 1994 , signed by president bill clinton , that requires the federal justice department to collect data on deaths caused by police . the law has never truly been implemented , leaving us with patchy information about particular episodes rather than a comprehensive sense of how race and policing play out in america . `` what happened here today does n't happen all the time . what if there was no video ? what if there was no witness -- or hero , as i call him -- to come forward ? '' said l. chris stewart , an attorney for scott 's family . `` as you can see , the initial  police  reports stated something totally different . '' that 's putting it mildly . in early police statements -- issued before the video came to light -- slager reportedly said that scott attacked him , that he fired only after a scuffle and that cops made medical efforts to revive scott . the video makes hash of those claims , and likely contributed to slager 's swift arrest and pending murder charges . `` when you 're wrong , you 're wrong , '' said north charleston mayor keith summey . that leaves slager to face murder charges that could land him on death row -- and the rest of us to face a disturbing reality . i 'm all for having police use body cameras , although they are not a magic cure for preventing or stopping the excessive use of force . but the much bigger problem is that we simply do n't know when and where police killings take place , or whether they cluster in particular cities or states . and that means we do n't know for certain whether unjustified or excessive force correlates with particular forms of officer training or detectable underlying racial bias . we do n't even know the role played by officers operating under stressful conditions or while dealing with mental or physical illness . these vital questions are n't supposed to be a mystery . according to section 210402 of the violent crime control and law enforcement act of 1994 , `` the attorney general shall , through appropriate means , acquire data about the use of excessive force by law enforcement officers . ... the attorney general shall publish an annual summary of the data acquired under this section . '' that section of the law has effectively been ignored , beyond a first attempt at a comprehensive report published in 1996 . by 2001 , a new york times article noted that when it comes to police uses of deadly force , `` no comprehensive accounting for all of the nation 's 17,000 police department exists . '' there are multiple reasons the law has been ignored . collecting information from the nation 's thousands of jurisdictions -- the myriad villages , counties and cities -- is a tough , expensive assignment . the job is even harder because many police departments , reluctant to air their dirty laundry , fail to distinguish between justified and unjustified killings on the reasonable grounds that it 's up to the courts to rule on whether an officer has committed brutality -- something that 's often established only after years of court proceedings . these hurdles could be overcome by a determined effort from washington , but congress has failed to press the justice department to demand the data and comply with the 1994 law . a weak substitute called the death in custody reporting act was passed in 2000 and renewed in 2014 , but it is a voluntary reporting program intended to coax information out of local departments . some of the data gap has been filled by media organizations -- and what they have discovered only underscores the need for muscular , mandatory enforcement of the data-gathering law . in 2011 , the las vegas review-journal published an extensive investigation of police killings in and around las vegas and found 378 shootings over a 20-year period , 142 of which were fatal . in no case was an officer convicted or even fired because of an on-duty shooting . in south carolina last month , the state newspaper published an examination of 209 instances in which officers shot at suspects , and found that only a handful of officers were charged , and none found guilty . `` in south carolina , it remains exceedingly rare for an officer to be found at fault criminally for shooting at someone , '' the columbia newspaper concluded . a group of activists has created a website called mappingpoliceviolence.org that flags cases of police killings ; its estimate that at least 304 black people were killed by police in 2014 may stand as the best guess we have about the dimensions of a national problem . but we should n't be guessing . as the las vegas review-journal editorialized in 2011 : `` how many lives might be saved if taxpayers everywhere were better informed about police shootings ? how can they know about a potential local problem without information ? ... police already track everything from domestic violence to child abuse to murder , and police routinely lobby state and federal lawmakers to put new crimes into statute . the budgetary impact of adding another reporting category to local police forces would be minuscule . the social impact of such an addition , however , would be huge . '' that common-sense observation is being echoed by the obama administration -- specifically , the president 's task force on 21st century policing , created in december in response to widespread protests following the police killings of unarmed black men including michael brown and eric garner . the recently released interim report of the task force calls , one more time , for the justice department to collect comprehensive data from local departments . but it will take more pressure -- from activists , victims ' families , members of congress and president barack obama himself -- to demand an end to the stonewalling of information . it 's long past time we got to the truth of how many more killings like walter scott 's are happening without a video to set the record straight .
 recently , nashville 's district attorney banned prosecutors from offering female sterilization in plea deals . believe it or not , nashville prosecutors have offered this option four times in the past five years . there has been public outrage at the notion that a defendant in america in 2015 would be offered a choice of sterilization as part of a plea deal . except , it happens all the time . some have claimed this practice `` evokes a dark corner of american history '' where the mentally ill or `` deficient '' were forced to undergo sterilization . yeah , that 's true . we did that . and it was bad . except this is n't quite that . female sterilization is linked to the controversial `` eugenics '' movement , which advocated for the notion that the human race can be improved by selective breeding of people with superior genes . there is even a 1927 supreme court case , buck v. bell , in which the justices ruled that a state statute permitting compulsory sterilization of the unfit and `` imbeciles , '' `` for the protection and health of the state , '' was constitutional . the opinion in the case is stunning , especially because the supreme court has never technically overruled it . but buck v. bell dealt with involuntary sterilization of people because of their mental disabilities , not because they were being punished for a crime . you can hate sterilization , and the tennessee case may have the creepy feel of the antiquated practice of eugenics , but it 's not that . present-day sterilization plea deals involve a voluntary choice of sterilization by persons accused of a crime , and for whom sterilization will be part of their punishment . others may argue that the supreme court has already spoken on the issue of compulsory sterilization as punishment , and struck it down . that 's true too , sort of . in skinner v. oklahoma , the court struck down a law permitting compulsory sterilization of criminals as unconstitutional , but not because it was cruel and unusual . instead , the law was struck down because the law was unequally applied for similar crimes . so the question remains : is sterilization as a punishment unconstitutional ? the eighth amendment provides : `` excessive bail shall not be required , nor excessive fines imposed , nor cruel and unusual punishments inflicted . '' practically , however , punishments are rarely deemed cruel and unusual by the judiciary . we have executed people with hangings and by firing squad . sterilization has to be somewhere below that , right ? ultimately , however , the constitutionality of sterilization may be a red herring in this analysis , because it appears that even if a punishment vciolates the constitution , it is permissible , if you willingly choose it . suppose arguendo  for argument 's sake  that sterilization is judicially labeled a cruel and unusual punishment , violating the eighth amendment . this is where it gets interesting : it still might be an appropriate and constitutional part of a plea deal . shocked ? you should n't be . as citizens , we validly waive our constitutional rights all the time . you waive your fourth amendment protections against search and seizure when you answer `` yes '' to an officer 's `` mind if i look in your trunk ? '' you waive your fifth amendment privilege against self-incrimination when you try to explain to the detective in the interrogation room how that body got in your vehicle 's trunk . so then , if we can validly waive our other constitutional rights , can we waive our eighth amendment rights and choose a cruel and unusual punishment , even if it would otherwise be unconstitutional ? and are people outraged because this is a new step in punishment or a new frontier and a slippery slope in the world of plea deals ? nope . sterilization statutes have been around for a while as punishment for defendants all over the country , and defendants have willingly chosen the procedure . if sterilization plea deals are likely constitutional , and we 've been doing it for a while , then that begs the question : why the outrage now ? why the story that a tennessee prosecutor was fired for a plea bargain that appears to be widely practiced ? there are really only two possibilities . first , some people just had no idea that this was going on until this story hit the news . second , even if we knew about it , we did n't mind the practice until now because of one fundamental difference . most of the sterilization defendants are men . search your feelings , luke . when we talk about castrating men who are recidivist sexual predators and child molesters , the idea of castration as punishment does n't sound so bad right ? be honest : let go of your `` we 're - all-equal-in-all-ways '' banner for a moment . after all , not too long ago , execution was a legal punishment for nonhomicide sex crimes in some jurisdictions . so if we 're ok with the gas chamber , we 're probably ok with a snip . it 's ok . you can admit it ; we are all hardwired with a modicum of gender bias , whether we like it or not . still not convinced ? watch this parlor trick : what if i suggested sterilization for a person convicted of having sex with a minor ? so far you 're not ruling it out . and what if it 's a young female high school teacher having sex with her 17-year-old student ? most of our gut feelings shifted from `` maybe '' to `` no '' just now . it 's ok to admit that , too . of course , sterilization wo n't prevent a female sex offender from offending again , no more than sterilization will prevent a male offender from offending again . but the point is , somehow , the notion of sterilizing a male criminal somehow sits better with us than sterilizing a female criminal . maybe it 's that on a primal , unconscious level , what feels cruel and unusual punishment for a woman just feels less so for a man . even if you 're offended by this theory of why an old practice is now a `` shocking '' news story , you must concede it fits . why else has castration of men not been a blip on the radar , but offering a woman the option of sterilization is suddenly a travesty ? of course , we have to consider the related justification . overall , a lot more men commit acts that merit sterilization than do women . just ask any domestic violence prosecutor . are sterilization plea deals morally right ? it 's hard to say . for now , they appear to be constitutional , but controversial . if we know a mother is likely to kill or seriously hurt her current children or her unborn child , should the government step in ? if so , to what degree ? fortunately , we can avoid a final decision and continue to attack the problem in a way that seems to be more acceptable for now : just keep neutering the men .
 emy afalava is a loyal american and decorated veteran . he was born in american samoa , a u.s. territory since 1900 . he has been subject to american law his whole life and thinks he should be a citizen . the constitution would agree . the fourteenth amendment declares that `` all persons born ... in the united states , and subject to the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the united states . '' yet , afalava has been denied the right to vote because the federal government insists that he is no citizen . how can it be , in the 21st century , that americans born on u.s. soil are denied the rights of citizenship ? that injustice clouds the recent celebration of the 115th anniversary of the decision of american samoa to join the united states . it is a wrong that afalava and other american samoans are now seeking to right in a federal lawsuit before the d.c. circuit . a decision could come any day . since the united states was established , it adhered to the rule that those born on u.s. lands were u.s. citizens . the rule is colorblind , yet the only exception that the supreme court has ever declared was not . the infamous dred scott case legitimized slavery as it declared that free african-americans had `` no rights that the white man was bound to respect . '' though they were americans , they were not citizens under the constitution . a civil war later , the 14th amendment reversed the ruling in the dred scott case . today , the dred scott case has come to be regarded as one of the worst decisions in the history of the supreme court . but racial discrimination did n't end there . in 1904 , a puerto rican woman named isabel gonzalez sailed for new york . because puerto rico was u.s. territory , she believed herself to be a u.s. citizen . but officials at ellis island labeled her an undesirable alien and prevented her from entering the mainland . she sued , with some reason to hope for a favorable ruling . yet the supreme court that eventually heard gonzalez 's case was still racist . in preceding years , for example , it had permitted a flat ban on naturalizing anyone of the chinese race . and , in a case addressing the status of recently acquired island territories such as puerto rico , the justices had cited the alleged racial inferiority of tropical peoples as reason to treat these lands as second-class u.s. territories . justice edward douglas white 's opinion stated that u.s. sovereignty extended over them , but that their residents did not hold the same constitutional rights as other americans . he did so , he privately revealed , because `` he was much preoccupied by the danger of racial and social questions . '' in the gonzalez case , the justices agreed unanimously that puerto ricans were not aliens and thus not subject to immigration laws . but they declined to decide whether or not gonzalez was a citizen . though preoccupied by fears that islanders were `` savages '' and racially unfit for citizenship , they were unwilling to violate the constitution . as a result of the court ruling , federal officials were able to deny gonzalez and others the full panoply of rights conferred on citizens for years . as isabel gonzalez 's lawyer told the court , declaring that residents of america 's island territories are not u.s. citizens would mean adding to `` precedents in our history of which we are least proud . '' those precedents , he warned the court , had been `` repudiated by the american people in the civil war , by three amendments to the constitution of the united states , by this court , and by ... advancing civilization . '' surely , 147 years after the dred scott case was overturned , the time has come to put an end to this farce . in the past century , the inhabitants of every other u.s. island territory have become citizens . today , emy afalava and his fellow american samoans are the last americans still waiting to become citizens .
 after two days of deliberation , jurors found dzhokhar tsarnaev guilty on all counts in the boston marathon bombing . the verdict is n't surprising . what might be , however , is the answer to how we prevent this kind of violence from happening again . because there could be other more young men just like him , which means the lessons we take from boston will affect whether we can keep america and americans safer . today , nearly 1 out of 4 people in the world are muslim . by 2050 , pew reports , that will be some 1 out of 3 . by 2070 ? well , i 'll quote the all-caps headline reprinted by the drudge report : `` muslims to outnumber christians ! '' many americans read such numbers and worry : will this mean more dzhokhar tsarnaevs ? but that 's only if you believe islam causes extremism , which many have argued . and that 's wrong , of course . on the other hand , there are people who claim islam has nothing to do with terrorism . which is true -- and false . sure , the islamic faith forbids murder , but there 's a small but significant minority of muslims murdering people in terrible ways , and in islam 's name . understanding what leads young muslims like dzhokhar down a dangerous path requires we understand radicalization . at any given moment in the middle east , we have little idea who 's going to attack whom next , who 's on whom 's side , how this is going to end , or what anyone 's even fighting over anymore . this bad news is going to turn worse before it gets better . but it will get better . to understand why , we have to take a stab at understanding what radicalizes muslims . contrary to common belief , muslims are n't unusually predisposed to violence . radical islam , which has taken on an ugly life of its own , began at the intersection of politics , religion and religious identity . islam is about what you believe , but it 's also about being part of a community . and what happens when you are a member of a community and you see it under attack ? some muslims who have turned to violence have done so with good intentions  the road to hell , after all  . consider : the tragedy of modern islam is in its endless sequence of tragedies . before my time , the brutal soviet invasion of afghanistan horrified many muslims . when i was in high school , bosnia occupied all our attention . there was of course russia 's brutal war on the chechen people -- dzhokhar shares his name with a recent chechen patriot -- and israel 's ongoing occupation of the palestinian territories . and the blows against muslims do n't end there . there was serbia 's war on kosovo , another war in chechnya , the invasion of iraq , oppression in myanmar , civil strife in syria , the colonization of east turkestan , massacres of muslims in the central african republic , wars on a besieged gaza and west bank still under israeli rule . imagine how this looks to a restless young muslim . countless places where co-religionists have been killed , and nobody seems to do anything about it . nobody even wants to . extremists have long offered crude reasons for why the violence was happening , and then moved quickly to a single , tempting , terrible response : take up arms -- and kill . in her new book , `` heretic : why islam needs a reformation now '' , ayaan hirsi ali argues that extremism is n't caused by political circumstances , but by islam itself . her conclusion is wrong . to fight extremism , we do n't need to reform islam . we need to show young muslims that extremism is doing the opposite of what it claimed to . rather than help muslims , it 's harming them . when i was a teenager , our massachusetts mosque hosted a delegation from bosnia that shared graphic , heartbreaking stories of rape , exile , and massacre inflicted on muslims , all because of their faith . the mosque raised money , collected food , blankets , medicine . promises were made to provide more , and regularly . but we all knew that was n't enough . as we left the mosque , my peers and i were disgruntled and confused . shocked . angry . our teachers could 've told us : go and fight . defend your muslim brothers and sisters who are under siege . or they could 've told us to keep our heads down and make money and live comfortably . neither answer would have satisfied . fortunately for us , they offered us a third way . they showed us , patiently , how to work with others , how to compromise , how to get things done . a more engaged american muslim community , they explained , could use its resources to help people suffering all around the world . they were right . we saw the dead-end road of radicalism from afar , but we also saw , up close , how communities that isolated themselves and turned inward found themselves powerless , ineffectual and ignored . thanks to social media , a medium that the world 's burgeoning young muslim population is increasingly comfortable with , more muslims can and will see this , too . radicalism will be done in by fellow muslims who want to save their religion from this monster within it . it 's happening already . our national conversation about islam is focused on the wrong issues . does islam need a reformation ? what in islam causes violence ? we would do a lot better if we accepted that muslims the world over have real grievances -- dictatorships , corruption , foreign intervention , religious illiteracy , lack of economic opportunity -- and radicals exploit these . we need to show the young dzhokhars that , if they want to help , then violence is n't going to help . to fight extremism , we need to pose this question to young muslims : `` do you want to help your brothers and sisters in faith ? '' because those who claim to be defending us are making things so much worse . their narrative has failed . their solution is bankrupt . the caliph wears no clothes . it 's the reason why increasing numbers of muslims reject extremism -- and not just because our numbers are increasing .
 the new emojis are here ! on thursday , apple released a new version of its mobile operating system that includes more diversity than ever when it comes to the race , ethnicity and sexual orientation of its emojis -- those cute little images that users can insert into text messages or emails when words alone just wo n't cut it . the reaction to this new lineup is , as should be expected with almost anything new in today 's hypersensitive climate , a range of cheers and jeers . why is any of this important , you may ask ? for many , these images are far more than tiny clip art for texting . rather they are seen as recognition that their own ethnicity , sexual orientation , race or even hair color is part of mainstream america -- despite what others might say . this matters in a digital age where texting is how most people communicate and represent themselves dozens -- if not hundreds -- of times every day . think receiving a text of an image of a person smiling . or more accurately , think of a white face smiling because up until thursday 's update , all the emojis had pale skin . but that has all changed . now there 's a range of emoji skin tones to pick from , including yellow , brown and black . i 'm sure few people will be upset with this development . but how about in december ? why ? now that will be able to choose the skin tones for each human emoji , and that will also include ... santa claus . that shrieking sound you may have heard was from fox news ' megyn kelly , who famously stated in 2013 that santa claus is absolutely , definitely and without a doubt a white guy . in fact , thanks to apple , we may even see brown santa emojis this december .  could that mean he 's a muslim santa ?! cue even more shrieking from fox news .  . there is more . apple has now given us gay and lesbian couple emojis , kissing with a heart over their heads . this inclusiveness was cheered by at least one gay news service on twitter . it 's not yet clear if a person who likes to use same-sex kissing emoji couples can be denied service by a person who objects on grounds of `` religious liberty . '' but it would be interesting to hear what any of the 2016 gop presidential candidates might have to say about `` gay emojis . '' and i would predict some conservative will claim that the kissing gay emojis will turn children gay . the fact is , when you embrace diversity , you will still leave out other minority groups . redheads , for example , are pretty pissed off because there are no emojis featuring their hair color . in fact , supporters of a redheaded emoji have started a petition that has already garnered several thousand signatures . even expanding the flags represented by emojis , as apple has done , comes at some peril . apparently canada is overjoyed that finally apple has included it . but armenians are not happy they were left out . i must admit that being partially of palestinian heritage , it 's heartening to see that despite the fact that some refuse to recognize a palestinian state , apple has chosen to now include a palestinian flag emoji . armenia , i feel your pain . of course the bigger question in the whole diverse-emoji issue is : what took apple so long ? how hard could it have been to add different skin colors to pick from ? that the company  finally  did is a step in the right direction : america 's demographics are changing , so our representations of who we are -- even representations as tiny as emojis -- should reflect this . apple has `` evolved '' in showing diversity -- from brown people to same-sex couples . maybe `` religious liberty '' conservatives who discriminate will follow .
 i 'm haunted by the video of officer michael slager firing eight shots at walter scott as he fled his encounter with north charleston police -- his back turned to the officer . what i find more disturbing is how the officer cuffs the fallen scott and allows him to die face-down in the dirt while slager appears to plant an item next to his body . i understand why people are skeptical of self-defense claims -- especially from law enforcement . if not for the video taken by a bystander , i ca n't help but think that this story would be shuttered behind the wall of an active investigation . as a defense attorney , i am more sensitive than anyone to the assumption of innocence for those accused of a crime , but this single piece of evidence -- a video of a man shot in the back while in full retreat -- defies any reasonable explanation . thank god there was a camera . it will help ensure that justice will be served in this case . however , there is another camera that -- had it been deployed -- might have prevented the entire tragedy : a police body camera . throughout the entire encounter with scott , it 's clear slager had no idea someone was filming him . had he known there would be video of his every move , would he have drawn his weapon on a fleeing man ? would he have fired ? eight times ? would he have misrepresented the encounter on his police report ? of course not . if slager had been wearing a body camera , scott would probably still be alive , and slager would n't be facing the possibility of life in prison -- or a possible death sentence . body cameras are expensive to deploy , sure . and storing the massive amounts of data that body cameras create costs even more . that cost , however -- if we 're talking the monetary kind -- may be eclipsed by the punitive damages delivered to scott 's family in an inevitable civil suit against the north charleston police department . most importantly , we have to ask ourselves this : what 's the value of a human life ? certainly it 's worth the price of some mass data storage . and there 's something else at stake . the public is losing confidence in law enforcement , and the strained relationship between minorities and police is reaching a breaking point . every police shooting that captures headlines justifies an ever increasing fear of cops in the street . as fear ratchets up , so does the tension between cops and the people in the communities they serve . as tension rises , the risk of more shootings increases . it is a cycle of destruction that could lead to chaos . police body cameras can help break this cycle . studies have shown that both cops and people in the community act better when they know they are on camera . complaints against cops decrease , and , most importantly , use-of-force incidents drop . i will admit that body cameras are only an interim solution . they only help compensate for the real underlying problem , which is this : there is a bias against black men that has infiltrated the criminal justice system , and we are seeing it in the disproportionate shooting of black men . when we look at this footage -- and when we see the dashboard camera from the other south carolina officer who last year shot a man who was reaching for his driver 's license -- it 's clear that many cops are more likely to interpret actions , even routine actions , from black men as potentially aggressive . these may not be overtly racist cops . they may not intentionally treat black men differently , but we ca n't pretend that black men are n't being disproportionately targeted . all across the country , we see it happening , and with the proliferation of video , we 're seeing it happen with alarming frequency . somehow , we 're going to have to beat this bias out of our system . set tougher employment screening standards when hiring cops . institute more training to help officers recognize the bias and adjust for it . as a society , we have to focus on the broad social changes needed to address disparities in income , education and opportunities -- disparities that keep us a racially divided nation . but social change , sadly , may take generations of hard work . in the meantime , if we ca n't immediately root out racial bias , we can at least put a bright spotlight on it , and we can start by focusing on the one interaction where racial bias results in the loss of life -- we can start by placing body-mounted cameras on cops .
 the pentagon released a map this week showing coalition forces have taken back 25-30 % of iraqi territory seized by isis . the map , above , shows gains in key central and northern areas of iraq where the terror group was previously the dominant force . the gains made in the fight against the terror group by iraqi security forces and coalition air power certainly look impressive -- although as the u.s. department of defense acknowledges it 's a dynamic conflict and territory can change hands depending on `` daily fluctuations in the battle lines . '' so , how exactly should we read this information ? what does it say about the wider fight against isis ? cnn asked afzal ashraf , a counterinsurgency specialist and consulting fellow at the royal united services institute to give us a steer on what this new data tells us about the fight against isis in iraq . below is an edited version of the conversation . cnn : so , is the tide turning in iraq -- is the coalition winning ? afzal ashraf : when it comes to insurgencies it 's always problematic to think about the tide turning in terms of territorial gains because insurgencies by their very nature are extremely good at adapting to change . the one difference between isis and insurgencies in general is that isis declared itself a state , a caliphate once had territory so any loss is very strategic loss of prestige and image for them .  there have been  significant gains against isis -- particularly in tikrit -- and it 's no coincidence we 've seen isis make spectacular attacks in refugee centers in syria . it 's asymmetric warfare , they know they can not hold conventional force back for very long so what they do is they withdraw ... then take initiative elsewhere . they have to distract attention from those losses by gains and attacks elsewhere . it continues their image of initiative , of shocking , of reshaping the world -- which is what they are trying to do . cnn : what does the map tell us about the coalition 's strategy ? aa : it 's very telling . there are losses but most of the losses are around the edges of their territory and what that means is a very conventional push forward by the iraqi forces . it 's a push against the front line of isis rather than being brave and creative and going in behind isis 's lines and breaking it up . what this is n't is using maneuverist warfare -- which is a military philosophy that exploits the capabilities of conventional forces to project power by using air forces to take land along main supply routes and put friendly forces on that land to cut land into chunks which causes massive disruption to command and control and their supply chains which can cause forces to collapse much more rapidly than a frontal push . the capability you need  for this kind of warfare  is much more high-tech than the capabilities the iraqis have . those capabilities are available in the region -- jordanians , egyptians and other forces have helicopters and aircraft -- and it 's very interesting that the middle eastern nations have not developed an effective coalition to target isis which is an existential threat . cnn : what about ramadi ? isis seems to be winning there . aa : ramadi has been a potential battlefield for the past decade . but in this context  isis  will ... be pushing in ramadi because that 's an area they have lots of support . it also diverts their attention away from losses to their gains . the concept of success is hugely important to them -- it 's what sustains the recruitment effort of isis . nobody wants to join a bunch of losers , so it 's very important for them to be seen to be succeeding . above all this is a rhetorical war that is being fought deliberately in the media . they are losing so of course they are going to try to distract us by destroying ancient statues in nimrud and killing refugees in camps like yarmouk . but where it counts they are not standing and fighting .
 laying down tracks for their debut album in the recording studio in los angeles , iman hashi , 25 and her sister siham , 27 could not be further from their hometown of mogadishu . the sisters were born in the somali capital but were forced to flee after war broke out in 1991 . along with their parents , the girls relocated to canada as refugees where during their teens they discovered a passion for music . heading south to la by way of atlanta , the singing sisters with a bold flair for fashion are now embarking on a musical journey , gearing up to unleash their afro-pop sound to the world . cnn 's african voices caught up with the sister act -- known collectively as faarrow  combining the translation of their names into english -- iman means `` faith '' and siham means `` arrow ''  to talk about music , aspirations and somalia . cnn : hi guys , thanks for chatting with me today . what are some of your musical influences ? iman : we love michael jackson , lionel richie -- stuff my mom would listen to and play -- and the spice girls . we used to die for the spice girls . i love new artists now but i do n't know if it 's a nostalgia , but i remember ... my mom used to pump whatever -- mariah carey , whitney houston . cnn : you are working on your debut album now -- how 's that been ? siham : we 've been working with elijah kelley -- he 's actually an actor . he was in `` hairspray , '' `` the butler , '' and most recently he was in the george lucas animation , `` strange magic . '' that 's what he 's more known for but his first passion is music . he 's an incredible producer , writer and singer . i just felt like he was always the missing piece . he brought everything together . cnn : so now that you 've found your `` missing piece , '' how would you describe your sound ? siham : our music before was experimenting with afrobeat sounds but now it 's more of a fusion  of what  we are inspired by . it 's pop with undertones of hip hop and rhythmic african percussion . it 's a fusion of everything . cnn : and do you guys write the songs as well ? siham : the entire album was pretty much  written and produced  by me , my sister and elijah . and when we signed we already had a lot of those songs already done . warner brothers records is really great in that way that they already loved what we were doing and let us do our own thing . cnn : what are you listening to right now ? siham : oh my god , there 's so many ! iman : sia with `` chandelier . '' siham : i really love this new song -- i do n't know if iman is going to agree with me -- but his name 's lunchmoney lewis , it 's called bills ; i love it . cnn : as well as your music , you both work with the u.n. high commissioner for refugees  unhcr  -- how did you start your humanitarian work ? iman : ever since we were kids we wanted to help somalia , we always talked about it . but we were like `` what can we physically do ? '' we were doing some research and we called our mom and she said ` you know you still have family over there . there 's a refugee camp in kenya and your great uncle and his kids live in a refugee camp . ' and we did some research about dadaab refugee camp , it 's a massive camp that has taken in sudanese refugees , somali refugees , rwandan refugees -- pretty much anywhere there was a conflict . everybody fled to dadaab . in the beginning  it was  pure advocacy talking about it on twitter and facebook . cnn : but then you decided to `` up your game '' as it were ... iman : yes , then we started a non-profit and we 'd do small benefit concerts in toronto and in san diego -- wherever there was a big somali community we would do outreach but all we had was our singing , working with unhcr in a capacity as a spokesperson . we headlined world refugee day at the kennedy center , as well as the nansen awards twice in geneva . we felt like this platform of singing -- the bigger it gets , the more we can do . siham : we obviously love fashion so we wanted to do our own socially conscious brand so we 've been making these bracelets and necklaces called `` wish creatively . '' wish stands for `` women internationally selling hope . '' we wanted to do a socially conscious brand where we sell these bracelets where it goes back to projects in kenya or somalia with women providing them with a sustainable income . cnn : so what 's next for you two ? siham : we 're actually in the mixing process right now . we still have a few  tracks  to finish up but the majority of the album is pretty much done . we want to turn it in as soon as possible so they can put together a rollout plan and get ready for the first single to drop . iman : i do n't feel like we ever lost that feeling like we 're creative spokespersons for our generation as well as for somalia . i feel like now because we followed our dreams it 's like ` they 're not just refugees anymore . ' we do n't have to become doctors so we can one day give back to somalia and help rebuild -- it 's such a beautiful dream but not ours . in our culture , anything creative is not really respected or appreciated . but i feel like now but even with our new deal we 're still trucking along . i feel like we inspire people . read this : nigerian soul singer nneka is back ! read this : angelique kidjo takes no prisoners . more from african voices .
 even in the horror of syria 's civil war , there are few places that showcase the scale of the destruction -- and the senselessness of the loss of life -- more than the yarmouk camp on the outskirts of damascus . set up as a refugee camp for palestinians in the 1950s , it slowly evolved into a neighborhood over the years , but since 2012 it has been engulfed in the syrian conflict . two weeks ago isis fighters stormed yarmouk , and that made life for those still inside even worse than it was before . the syrian government responded by unleashing a bombing and shelling campaign on the area , residents told cnn , including barrel bombs that flattened many of the buildings already scarred by the three-year-long conflict . death comes day and night . `` i looked up and saw dust , '' one resident said . `` i opened the door and started walking outside and started shouting to the neighbors . one told me ' i am wounded , ' another one did n't answer me at all . that second one -- may god have mercy on his soul -- he was martyred . '' while the battle for yarmouk is very typical of syria 's civil war , the conflict here is unique . most of those fighting on all sides are palestinians . pro-government factions besiege the area from the outside , cutting off supplies and aid most of the time . the inside is held by anti-regime groups , some of which are islamists . the situation in yarmouk was thrust in to the headlines on april 1 when isis fighters stormed the rebel-held area and unleashed a campaign of violence and killings . since then , a local activist tells cnn , isis has withdrawn to another area and left the al qaedalinked group jabhat al-nusra in charge of the district . ` the deepest circle of hell ' : terrified yarmouk residents describe isis raid . but this is only the most recent in a deadly urban war that is slowly grinding down yarmouk 's buildings and people . of the more than 100,000 that used to live there , only about 18,000 remain , according to unrwa , the u.n. agency tasked with aiding palestinians . i have been to yarmouk on various occasions , and the picture has always been the same . pro-government factions surrounded the area and there was house-to house combat , mostly at night . a lot of destruction , very little territorial gain for either side , all of it taking a horrifying toll on the civilians trapped in the middle . `` we have no food or water , '' one resident said , standing amid the ruins of yarmouk 's houses . `` they should open a route so we can eat and drink and they can deliver assistance and food . we have nothing . what can we do ? '' but international aid groups can do very little . there are few occasions where aid is allowed into yarmouk , or where civilians are allowed out . unrwa can only care for those who do manage to escape . u.n. official to visit besieged refugee camp . the agency , along with the syrian arab red crescent , runs several shelters for displaced people in government-controlled areas near the camp . pierre krahenbuhl , the commissioner general for unrwa , recently visited some of them and acknowledged that far too little help was reaching those who need it most . `` we have to call on the world and call on all the actors in the world who can influence the situation to mobilize , '' krahenbuhl said . `` but much more has to be done to respect the civilians and to make sure that they are safe inside the camp . '' but of course those still inside are by no means safe -- subjected to shelling , bombing and street combat on top of being thirsty , hungry and in need of medication . but one thing that has not been broken is the residents ' self-respect and pride . `` this is yarmouk camp and we are not leaving our homes , '' one man said . `` whatever happens , if they keep hitting us with barrel bombs we will die . '' an elderly woman recalled her life as a palestinian refugee . `` i fled palestine when i was seven years old , '' she said . `` but i will not leave the yarmouk camp even if i am 75 or 76 years old . yarmouk camp is equal to my soul . i built it with my bare hands . i carried its stones on my head from a village and laid the foundation to my home . block by block i carried them on my head . '' but despite their defiance , there 's seemingly nothing that can be done to prevent yarmouk from being reduced to rubble . this is a war of attrition , two sides fighting for inches in tough combat without seeing that they are wrecking the prize they claim to be fighting for . desperation for palestinians trapped in syrian refugee camp .
 in 2013 , `` the bible '' broke ratings records on the history channel , so of course , a sequel was ordered up -- and this one is on nbc . the new miniseries from mark burnett and roma downey is one of six shows to watch this week . 1 . `` a.d. . the bible continues , '' 9 p.m. et sunday , nbc . just in time for easter , the peacock network debuts the `` bible '' sequel , picking up with jesus ' resurrection and following the early days of christianity . nbc scored on picking up the follow-up to the smash cable hit , starring juan pablo di pace as jesus and greta scacchi as mary  replacing downey in the role  . the full miniseries will run for 12 weeks , so consider it a spring revival . 2 . `` mad men , '' 9 p.m. sunday , amc . we 've arrived at the end , `` mad men '' fans . this is the first of the last several episodes , where we 'll learn the fate of don draper and the cast of characters . click here for more on `` mad men . '' 3 . `` american odyssey , '' 10 p.m. sunday , nbc . anna friel  `` pushing daisies ''  stars as a special forces translator in mali who is believed to be dead by those back in the states . on the show , she struggles to get back home , while we discover how she ended up how she did . 4 . `` louie , '' 10:30 thursday , fx . louis c.k. 's critically-acclaimed comedy is back for a fifth season . will louie continue to offend people in his life ? all signs point to yes . is louie still dating his best friend-turned-girlfriend , pamela ? we 'll have to tune into find out . 5 . `` the comedians , '' 10 p.m. thursday , fx . billy crystal returns to television , with co-star josh gad , as two people starring in an fx comedy . it 's a meta mockumentary about the making of a comedy show . `` seinfeld '' and `` curb your enthusiasm 's '' larry charles is among the producers . 6 . `` marvel 's daredevil , '' friday , netflix . this ai n't ben affleck 's movie . now that marvel has the rights to the `` man without fear '' back , they 've decided to launch several series for netflix , starting with this dark , gritty drama about blind lawyer matt murdock , and his moonlighting as a costumed avenger  no pun intended  .
 for superhero fans , the cup runneth over . most of us know the members of the avengers by now : iron man , captain america , hulk and the rest , and the fact that a few more like quicksilver are joining the cast in the `` avengers : age of ultron '' sequel . but there was one character who remained a mystery : the vision , to be played by paul bettany . thus far , we 've only seen his eyes in a trailer . with less than a month to go before the movie hits theaters , marvel studios put all the speculation to rest with a poster featuring bettany as the heroic android , who was a member of the superhero group for many years in the comics . meanwhile , as many marvel fans know , thursday was the eve of the new netflix series `` daredevil , '' and after a photoshopped first look at charlie cox 's iconic red daredevil suit went out , marvel put out a video of the real one . not to be outdone , director bryan singer announced a new character for next year 's sequel `` x-men : apocalypse , '' by telling empire magazine that ben hardy would be playing the role of the winged mutant angel . he even had a photo to share . and thursday 's new super images were n't quite done , because the questions over how jamie bell 's rocky character the thing in the rebooted `` fantastic four '' movie  out august 7  might look were also finally answered . and he looks ... pretty much like the thing we already knew  but reportedly , cgi this time  . within 24 hours , we got yet another indication that the superhero trend is n't going anywhere anytime soon  and we did n't even talk about the new photo of ryan reynolds ' `` deadpool ''  .
 ursula ward kept repeating her son 's name -- odin . she steadied herself against the podium in the fall river , massachusetts , courtroom and occasionally paused . she was tired after more than two years of pain , punctuated wednesday when her son 's killer , aaron hernandez , was convicted of first degree murder and sentenced to life in prison . odin lloyd was her first born , her only son . `` odin was the backbone of the family . odin was the man of the house . odin was his sisters ' keeper , '' ward told judge susan garsh , before garsh sentenced the former pro-football player . lloyd was 27-years-old and working for a landscaping firm when he was killed in june 2013 . he played football for the boston bandits , the oldest semi-pro team in boston and the winner of four championships in the new england football league , according to the team 's website . his mother , sister , uncle and cousin described him as a champion of family , a gifted athlete and a hard worker with a sense of humor . they said he rode his bike several miles to get to work . he went to all of his niece 's recitals . `` odin was my first best gift i  will  ever receive , '' his mother said . `` i thank god  for  every second and every day of my son 's life that i spent with him . `` the day i laid my son odin to rest , '' she continued , pausing to maintain her composure , `` i think my heart stopped beating for a moment . i felt like i wanted to go into that hole with my son , odin . '' she can still hear him talking to her : '' ` ma , did you cook ? ma , go to bed . ma , you 're so beautiful . ' '' ed lloyd followed ward to address the judge . odin lloyd 's uncle thanked everyone who worked on the case against hernandez . his nephew , he said , `` meant a lot to me . '' `` to see how he grew , the respect he had , the toughest thing for me is that i wo n't get to see him have a child ... , '' ed lloyd said . he loved watching his nephew and his son together . `` a lot of people wo n't see from the outside the value and the riches  odin lloyd  had , '' he said . `` i 'm sorry for where i stand today but i know that all the time i had with him was special and he 'll always be with me . '' who was odin lloyd ? odin lloyd 's sister olivia thibou wept as she explained what it has felt like to lose her brother . `` these last couple years have been the hardest of our lives , '' she said , recalling that she was asked to writer her brother 's eulogy . `` i got to write all the great memories i have of him . '' she laughed , recalling his insistence on wearing the same adidas flip-flops until the soles wore away . he was `` prideful , '' she said . he would take her car out and just when she was starting to angry , he 'd pull in with the car shining and clean , inside and out . he taught her daughter how to ride a bike . his murder , she said , `` feels like a bad dream . '' ward told the court that she constantly thinks about her son . `` i miss my baby boy odin so much , '' she said . `` but i know i 'm going to see him again someday and that has given me the strength to go on . '' she has also apparently gained strength from the act of forgiveness . `` i forgive the hands of the people that had a hand in my son 's murder , '' she said . `` i pray and hope that someday everyone out there will forgive them also . '' what 's next for aaron hernandez ?
 danny kahneman , my good friend and co-author who got a nobel prize in economics , once helped to run an experiment involving patients undergoing colonoscopies . one group received a mildly pleasurable experience at the end of the procedure ; the other group , which experienced the same type of colonoscopy , did not . it turns out that the group for whom things ended well had significantly more positive recollections of the whole affair from its beginning . the psychology of it is simple to understand : happy endings matter . even an unpleasant experience can lead to happy memories in hindsight if it ends well . so too with taxes . let 's just say that when it comes to taxes for the average american , `` stuff '' happens  keeping the colonoscopy metaphor running  , paycheck to tax-reduced paycheck . but recent statistics suggest that 8 out of 10 american taxpayers get a refund when they file their taxes , and the average amount is close to $ 3000 . that pays for a lot of stuff . to make the good news even better , tax filing has gotten rather simple for most people , with various software and service providers offering to do the dreaded paperwork for free . no filing headaches and a check to boot . what 's not to like ? the fact of the matter is there is plenty not to like when it comes to the u.s. tax system . for example , the laws are biased against two-worker marriages ; taxes go up when two relatively equal earners marry , as the rate brackets for couples are less than double that for single filers . taxes are also overly complex and essentially optional for the truly rich , who make their wealth off of their existing wealth , the largely untaxed returns from capital , rather than by getting ordinary paychecks like most of us . but now is not the time to explain such serious matters ; the people are too busy spending their refunds . the once dreaded tax day has become a happy spending spree for most americans . this state of short-term bliss follows from some deep trends in our tax laws . in brief , the u.s. income tax system is increasingly a wage tax , with limited taxes on capital  what the rich have  and limited deductions for most of us . for example , 3 out of 4 americans using a standard deduction get no break for their charitable contributions . all of this has been hashed and rehashed by politicians , professors and pundits . but who has time for that ? let 's go to our television sets and check out the commercials . one clever spot ran during the recent super bowl , suggesting that the boston tea party -- a tax revolt -- could have been averted with free online filing , which the sponsor was eager to provide . filling out 1040s was part of what made the income tax so odious for the masses for such a long time -- who does n't remember our parents fretting over shoeboxes of receipts sometime in april , the cruelest month ? now as tax day approaches , we are flooded with advertisements about america getting its billions back , without even having to pay to prepare the forms . we get paid to play ! here is the happy ending that kahneman and others have shown can mitigate the memories of unpleasantness past . the simple fact is that a simple tax is also rather simple to administer . service providers kindly offer to help out the masses of befuddled americans . of course , these kind souls want their happy endings too . they are betting that once the large refunds become obvious to their customers , the grateful taxpayers-turned-consumers will happily purchase add-on services , such as `` audit protection insurance , '' or perhaps deposit the money in financial accounts managed by the provider . just as lottery winners notoriously go on impulsive spending sprees , the `` found money '' of tax returns can finance many nice purchases . of course , there are still those annoying matters of the deep unfairness of the tax laws , biased against modern families and wage earners , and in favor of the rich living off capital . no real bother -- stuff happens . let others fret about fairness . as long as our taxpaying or colon procedures end with a smile -- or a check -- who has time to dwell on the bad stuff that came before ?
 former new england patriots star aaron hernandez will need to keep his lawyers even after being convicted of murder and other charges in the death of odin lloyd . the 25-year-old potentially faces three more trials -- one criminal and two civil actions . next up is another murder trial in which he is accused of killing two men and wounding another person near a boston nightclub in july 2012 . prosecutors have said hernandez fatally shot daniel de abreu and safiro furtado when he fired into their 2003 bmw . another passenger was wounded and two others were uninjured . hernandez pleaded not guilty at his arraignment . the trial was originally slated for may 28 , but jake wark , spokesman for the suffolk county district attorney 's office , said wednesday the trial had been postponed and no new date had been set . `` we expect to select a new court date in the coming days and then set the amended trial track . the suffolk indictments allege two counts of first-degree murder for the july 16 , 2012 , shooting deaths of daniel de abreu and safiro furtado in boston 's south end ; three counts of armed assault with intent to murder and one count of assault and battery by means of a dangerous weapon for shots fired at three surviving victims ; and one count of unlawful possession of a firearm , '' he said . the families of de abreu and furtado filed civil suits against hernandez , and a judge froze his $ 5 million in assets , pending the outcome of the double-murder trial . the freeze includes the disputed $ 3.3 million signing bonus payment hernandez claims he is owed by the new england patriots . hernandez is also being sued by a man who claims hernandez shot him while they were in a limousine in miami in february 2013 . alexander bradley claims the then-new england patriot tight end wounded him after the two got into a fight at a miami strip club . in a lawsuit filed four months later , bradley said hernandez fired at him during a limo ride after leaving the club and that hernandez intentionally `` possessed a gun which he was not legally licensed to have . '' hernandez 's lawyers have argued he could n't defend himself properly while on trial in massachusetts . there was no criminal charge in the case . and then there is the grievance over unpaid bonus money filed by the nfl players union on behalf of hernandez , who signed a contract in 2012 that potentially was worth more than $ 40 million . if the grievance is heard by the league , hernandez will be represented by the the national football league players ' association . who was odin lloyd ? cnn 's lawrence crook contributed to this report .
 the french prosecutor leading an investigation into the crash of germanwings flight 9525 insisted wednesday that he was not aware of any video footage from on board the plane . marseille prosecutor brice robin told cnn that `` so far no videos were used in the crash investigation . '' he added , `` a person who has such a video needs to immediately give it to the investigators . '' robin 's comments follow claims by two magazines , german daily bild and french paris match , of a cell phone video showing the harrowing final seconds from on board germanwings flight 9525 as it crashed into the french alps . all 150 on board were killed . paris match and bild reported that the video was recovered from a phone at the wreckage site . the two publications described the supposed video , but did not post it on their websites . the publications said that they watched the video , which was found by a source close to the investigation . `` one can hear cries of ` my god ' in several languages , '' paris match reported . `` metallic banging can also be heard more than three times , perhaps of the pilot trying to open the cockpit door with a heavy object . towards the end , after a heavy shake , stronger than the others , the screaming intensifies . then nothing . '' `` it is a very disturbing scene , '' said julian reichelt , editor-in-chief of bild online . an official with france 's accident investigation agency , the bea , said the agency is not aware of any such video . lt. col. jean-marc menichini , a french gendarmerie spokesman in charge of communications on rescue efforts around the germanwings crash site , told cnn that the reports were `` completely wrong '' and `` unwarranted . '' cell phones have been collected at the site , he said , but that they `` had n't been exploited yet . '' menichini said he believed the cell phones would need to be sent to the criminal research institute in rosny sous-bois , near paris , in order to be analyzed by specialized technicians working hand-in-hand with investigators . but none of the cell phones found so far have been sent to the institute , menichini said . asked whether staff involved in the search could have leaked a memory card to the media , menichini answered with a categorical `` no . '' reichelt told `` erin burnett : outfront '' that he had watched the video and stood by the report , saying bild and paris match are `` very confident '' that the clip is real . he noted that investigators only revealed they 'd recovered cell phones from the crash site after bild and paris match published their reports . `` that is something we did not know before . ... overall we can say many things of the investigation were n't revealed by the investigation at the beginning , '' he said . what was mental state of germanwings co-pilot ? german airline lufthansa confirmed tuesday that co-pilot andreas lubitz had battled depression years before he took the controls of germanwings flight 9525 , which he 's accused of deliberately crashing last week in the french alps . lubitz told his lufthansa flight training school in 2009 that he had a `` previous episode of severe depression , '' the airline said tuesday . email correspondence between lubitz and the school discovered in an internal investigation , lufthansa said , included medical documents he submitted in connection with resuming his flight training . the announcement indicates that lufthansa , the parent company of germanwings , knew of lubitz 's battle with depression , allowed him to continue training and ultimately put him in the cockpit . lufthansa , whose ceo carsten spohr previously said lubitz was 100 % fit to fly , described its statement tuesday as a `` swift and seamless clarification '' and said it was sharing the information and documents -- including training and medical records -- with public prosecutors . spohr traveled to the crash site wednesday , where recovery teams have been working for the past week to recover human remains and plane debris scattered across a steep mountainside . he saw the crisis center set up in seyne-les-alpes , laid a wreath in the village of le vernet , closer to the crash site , where grieving families have left flowers at a simple stone memorial . menichini told cnn late tuesday that no visible human remains were left at the site but recovery teams would keep searching . french president francois hollande , speaking tuesday , said that it should be possible to identify all the victims using dna analysis by the end of the week , sooner than authorities had previously suggested . in the meantime , the recovery of the victims ' personal belongings will start wednesday , menichini said . among those personal belongings could be more cell phones belonging to the 144 passengers and six crew on board . check out the latest from our correspondents . the details about lubitz 's correspondence with the flight school during his training were among several developments as investigators continued to delve into what caused the crash and lubitz 's possible motive for downing the jet . a lufthansa spokesperson told cnn on tuesday that lubitz had a valid medical certificate , had passed all his examinations and `` held all the licenses required . '' earlier , a spokesman for the prosecutor 's office in dusseldorf , christoph kumpa , said medical records reveal lubitz suffered from suicidal tendencies at some point before his aviation career and underwent psychotherapy before he got his pilot 's license . kumpa emphasized there 's no evidence suggesting lubitz was suicidal or acting aggressively before the crash . investigators are looking into whether lubitz feared his medical condition would cause him to lose his pilot 's license , a european government official briefed on the investigation told cnn on tuesday . while flying was `` a big part of his life , '' the source said , it 's only one theory being considered . another source , a law enforcement official briefed on the investigation , also told cnn that authorities believe the primary motive for lubitz to bring down the plane was that he feared he would not be allowed to fly because of his medical problems . lubitz 's girlfriend told investigators he had seen an eye doctor and a neuropsychologist , both of whom deemed him unfit to work recently and concluded he had psychological issues , the european government official said . but no matter what details emerge about his previous mental health struggles , there 's more to the story , said brian russell , a forensic psychologist . `` psychology can explain why somebody would turn rage inward on themselves about the fact that maybe they were n't going to keep doing their job and they 're upset about that and so they 're suicidal , '' he said . `` but there is no mental illness that explains why somebody then feels entitled to also take that rage and turn it outward on 149 other people who had nothing to do with the person 's problems . '' germanwings crash compensation : what we know . who was the captain of germanwings flight 9525 ? cnn 's margot haddad reported from marseille and pamela brown from dusseldorf , while laura smith-spark wrote from london . cnn 's frederik pleitgen , pamela boykoff , antonia mortensen , sandrine amiel and anna-maja rappard contributed to this report .
 the palestinian authority officially became the 123rd member of the international criminal court on wednesday , a step that gives the court jurisdiction over alleged crimes in palestinian territories . the formal accession was marked with a ceremony at the hague , in the netherlands , where the court is based . the palestinians signed the icc 's founding rome statute in january , when they also accepted its jurisdiction over alleged crimes committed `` in the occupied palestinian territory , including east jerusalem , since june 13 , 2014 . '' later that month , the icc opened a preliminary examination into the situation in palestinian territories , paving the way for possible war crimes investigations against israelis . as members of the court , palestinians may be subject to counter-charges as well . israel and the united states , neither of which is an icc member , opposed the palestinians ' efforts to join the body . but palestinian foreign minister riad al-malki , speaking at wednesday 's ceremony , said it was a move toward greater justice . `` as palestine formally becomes a state party to the rome statute today , the world is also a step closer to ending a long era of impunity and injustice , '' he said , according to an icc news release . `` indeed , today brings us closer to our shared goals of justice and peace . '' judge kuniko ozaki , a vice president of the icc , said acceding to the treaty was just the first step for the palestinians . `` as the rome statute today enters into force for the state of palestine , palestine acquires all the rights as well as responsibilities that come with being a state party to the statute . these are substantive commitments , which can not be taken lightly , '' she said . rights group human rights watch welcomed the development . `` governments seeking to penalize palestine for joining the icc should immediately end their pressure , and countries that support universal acceptance of the court 's treaty should speak out to welcome its membership , '' said balkees jarrah , international justice counsel for the group . `` what 's objectionable is the attempts to undermine international justice , not palestine 's decision to join a treaty to which over 100 countries around the world are members . '' in january , when the preliminary icc examination was opened , israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu described it as an outrage , saying the court was overstepping its boundaries . the united states also said it `` strongly '' disagreed with the court 's decision . `` as we have said repeatedly , we do not believe that palestine is a state and therefore we do not believe that it is eligible to join the icc , '' the state department said in a statement . it urged the warring sides to resolve their differences through direct negotiations . `` we will continue to oppose actions against israel at the icc as counterproductive to the cause of peace , '' it said . but the icc begs to differ with the definition of a state for its purposes and refers to the territories as `` palestine . '' while a preliminary examination is not a formal investigation , it allows the court to review evidence and determine whether to investigate suspects on both sides . prosecutor fatou bensouda said her office would `` conduct its analysis in full independence and impartiality . '' the war between israel and hamas militants in gaza last summer left more than 2,000 people dead . the inquiry will include alleged war crimes committed since june . the international criminal court was set up in 2002 to prosecute genocide , crimes against humanity and war crimes . cnn 's vasco cotovio , kareem khadder and faith karimi contributed to this report .
 governments around the world are using the threat of terrorism -- real or perceived -- to advance executions , amnesty international alleges in its annual report on the death penalty . `` the dark trend of governments using the death penalty in a futile attempt to tackle real or imaginary threats to state security and public safety was stark last year , '' said salil shetty , amnesty 's secretary general in a release . `` it is shameful that so many states around the world are essentially playing with people 's lives -- putting people to death for ` terrorism ' or to quell internal instability on the ill-conceived premise of deterrence . '' the report , `` death sentences and executions 2014 , '' cites the example of pakistan lifting a six-year moratorium on the execution of civilians following the horrific attack on a school in peshawar in december . china is also mentioned , as having used the death penalty as a tool in its `` strike hard '' campaign against terrorism in the restive far-western province of xinjiang . the annual report catalogs the use of state-sanctioned killing as a punitive measure across the globe , and this year 's edition contains some mixed findings . on one hand , the number of executions worldwide has gone down by almost 22 % on the previous year . at least 607 people were executed around the world in 2014 , compared to 778 in 2013 . amnesty 's figures do not include statistics on executions carried out in china , where information on the practice is regarded as a state secret . belarus and vietnam , too , do not release data on death penalty cases . `` the long-term trend is definitely positive -- we are seeing a decrease in the number of executions  worldwide  , '' audrey gaughran , amnesty 's director of global issues , told cnn . `` a number of countries are closer to abolition , and there are some signs that some countries will be abolitionist by 2015 .  there are  signals of a world that is nearing abolition . '' while the report notes some encouraging signs , it also highlights a marked increase in the number of people sentenced to death in 2014 . at least 2,466 people globally are confirmed to have been handed the sentence last year , an increase of 28 % compared with 2013 . the report notes that the spike in sentencing is attributable to mass-sentencing in countries including egypt and nigeria , `` against scores of people in some cases . '' the organization found `` positive developments '' worldwide , with most regions seeming to show reductions in the number of executions . opinion : sharp spike in death sentences . sub-saharan africa , for example , saw a 28 % fall in reported cases , and executions recorded in the middle east and north africa were down 23 % compared to 2013 . `` even though we 've highlighted some of the negative developments ... i think we would always highlight that there are positive developments , '' gaughran said . `` across the board , with the exception of europe and central asia there were fewer reports of executions in every region . '' the resumption of the use of capital punishment in belarus -- the only country in europe and central asia to execute people -- after a two year hiatus spoiled an near-universal decrease in countries using the death penalty by region . the united states has the dubious distinction of being the only country in the americas to conduct executions , but the number of convicts put to death here fell slightly , from 39 in 2013 to 35 in 2014 . the state of washington also imposed a moratorium on executions last year . the u.s. remains one of the worst offenders for imposing capital punishment , with only iran  289 +  , iraq  61 +  , and saudi arabia  90 +  executing more people in 2014 . while figures are not available , amnesty estimates that china also executes `` thousands '' of prisoners each year , `` more than the rest of the world put together . '' the report also highlights the imperfections in the judiciary processes that lead to many sentenced to death . `` in the majority of countries where people were sentenced to death or executed , the death penalty was imposed after proceedings that did not meet international fair trial standards , '' the report stated . `` in 2014 amnesty international raised particular concerns in relation to court proceedings in afghanistan , bangladesh , china , egypt , iran , iraq , north korea , pakistan , saudi arabia and sri lanka . '' the united nations secretary-general , ban ki-moon , last year stressed the need to move toward abolition of capital punishment . `` the taking of life is too irreversible for one human being to inflict it on another , '' he said , in marking world day against death penalty in october . `` we must continue to argue strongly that the death penalty is unjust and incompatible with fundamental human rights . '' amnesty estimates that at least 19,094 people were believed to be on death row at the end of 2014 .
 on may 28 , 2014 , some 7,000 people gathered in a stadium in china 's northwestern xinjiang region . but they had not come to watch the local football team or any other grand sporting event . instead , the authorities paraded scores of prisoners dressed in orange jumpsuits . armed soldiers guarded the exits . in the patently unfair , open air trial that followed , 55 people were found guilty of a range of offenses linked to violent attacks in the region and jailed . three were sentenced to death . the public mass sentencing was part a china 's `` strike hard '' campaign against unrest in xinjiang , a campaign the government claims was launched to combat `` terrorism '' and `` separatism . '' but it was also indicative of a trend that was starkly evident last year around the world -- governments using the death penalty in a misguided , and often cynical , attempt to tackle crime and terrorism . today , amnesty international releases its annual review of the death penalty worldwide . much of it makes for grim reading . in pakistan , the government lifted a six-year moratorium on the execution of civilians in the wake of the horrific taliban attack on a school in peshawar in december . more than 60 people have been put to death since , and the government has threatened to send thousands more death row prisoners to the gallows . iran and iraq executed people for `` terrorism , '' and other countries expanded the scope of capital crimes in their penal codes . in a year when abhorrent summary executions by armed groups were branded on the global consciousness as never before , governments are themselves resorting to more executions in a knee-jerk reaction to terrorism . other countries made use of executions in similarly flawed attempts to address -- or appear to address -- crime rates . jordan ended an eight-year moratorium in december , putting 11 murder convicts to death , with the government saying it was a move to end a surge in violent crime . in indonesia , authorities announced plans to execute mainly drug traffickers to tackle a public safety `` national emergency . '' six people have already been executed this year . a sharp spike in death sentences recorded in 2014 -- up more than 500 on the previous year -- can also be attributed to governments using the death penalty as a political tool . the rise was largely because of developments in egypt and nigeria , where courts imposed hundreds of death sentences in the context of internal political instability or crime and armed conflict . the simple fact is that governments using the death penalty to tackle crime and security threats are deceiving themselves or the public or both . there is no evidence that the threat of execution is more of a deterrent to crime than a prison sentence , as united nations and other studies have repeatedly confirmed . it is high time that world leaders stop using the death penalty as an easy way out when times get tough . at amnesty international , we have campaigned for an end to the death penalty for decades . thankfully , most of the world now appears to agree with us . the numbers speak for themselves . in 1945 when the united nations was founded , only eight countries had abolished the death penalty . today , 140 states are abolitionist in law or practice . last year , we recorded executions in 22 countries , down by almost a half from 20 years ago . despite the troubling developments we recorded last year , there was still much good news to be found . the number of executions recorded around the world dropped significantly in 2014 compared with the previous year , from 778 to 607 . this number does not include china , where more people are put to death than the rest of the world put together , but with death penalty statistics treated as a state secret , the true figure is impossible to determine . executions were recorded in only three countries in sub-saharan africa -- equatorial guinea , somalia and sudan -- and the number of people put to death went down by more than a quarter . the americas continued to be execution-free , apart from the united states . those governments that still execute need to realize that they are on the wrong side of history . they must join the vast majority of countries which have dropped the ultimate cruel punishment . fighting for an end to the death penalty remains an uphill task , but all of us must try to make the world free of this punishment . with determination , i know that we can achieve this goal .
 seventy years ago , anne frank died of typhus in a nazi concentration camp at the age of 15 . just two weeks after her supposed death on march 31 , 1945 , the bergen-belsen concentration camp where she had been imprisoned was liberated -- timing that showed how close the jewish diarist had been to surviving the holocaust . but new research released by the anne frank house shows that anne and her older sister , margot frank , died at least a month earlier than previously thought . researchers re-examined archives of the red cross , the international training service and the bergen-belsen memorial , along with testimonies of survivors . they concluded that anne and margot probably did not survive to march 1945 -- contradicting the date of death which had previously been determined by dutch authorities . in 1944 , anne and seven others hiding in the amsterdam secret annex were arrested and sent to the auschwitz-birkenau concentration camp . anne frank 's final entry . that same year , anne and margot were separated from their mother and sent away to work as slave labor at the bergen-belsen camp in germany . days at the camp were filled with terror and dread , witnesses said . the sisters stayed in a section of the overcrowded camp with no lighting , little water and no latrine . they slept on lice-ridden straw and violent storms shredded the tents , according to the researchers . like the other prisoners , the sisters endured long hours at roll call . her classmate , nannette blitz , recalled seeing anne there in december 1944 : `` she was no more than a skeleton by then . she was wrapped in a blanket ; she could n't bear to wear her clothes anymore because they were crawling with lice . '' listen to anne frank 's friends describe her concentration camp experience . as the russians advanced further , the bergen-belsen concentration camp became even more crowded , bringing more disease . a deadly typhus outbreak caused thousands to die each day . typhus is an infectious disease caused by lice that breaks out in places with poor hygiene . the disease causes high fever , chills and skin eruptions . `` because of the lice infesting the bedstraw and her clothes , anne was exposed to the main carrier of epidemic typhus for an extended period , '' museum researchers wrote . they concluded that it 's unlikely the sisters survived until march , because witnesses at the camp said the sisters both had symptoms before february 7 . `` most deaths caused by typhus occur around twelve days after the first symptoms appear , '' wrote authors erika prins and gertjan broek . the exact dates of death for anne and margot remain unclear . margot died before anne . `` anne never gave up hope , '' said blitz , her friend . `` she was absolutely convinced she would survive . '' her diary endures as one of the world 's most popular books . read more about anne frank 's cousin , a keeper of her legacy .
 a duke student has admitted to hanging a noose made of rope from a tree near a student union , university officials said thursday . the prestigious private school did n't identify the student , citing federal privacy laws . in a news release , it said the student was no longer on campus and will face student conduct review . the student was identified during an investigation by campus police and the office of student affairs and admitted to placing the noose on the tree early wednesday , the university said . officials are still trying to determine if other people were involved . criminal investigations into the incident are ongoing as well . students and faculty members marched wednesday afternoon chanting `` we are not afraid . we stand together , '' after pictures of the noose were passed around on social media . at a forum held on the steps of duke chapel , close to where the noose was discovered at 2 a.m. , hundreds of people gathered . `` you came here for the reason that you want to say with me , ` this is no duke we will accept . this is no duke we want . this is not the duke we 're here to experience . and this is not the duke we 're here to create , ' '' duke president richard brodhead told the crowd . the incident is one of several recent racist events to affect college students . last month a fraternity at the university of oklahoma had its charter removed after a video surfaced showing members using the n-word and referring to lynching in a chant . two students were expelled . in february , a noose was hung around the neck of a statue of a famous civil rights figure at the university of mississippi . a statement issued by duke said there was a previous report of hate speech directed at students on campus . in the news release , the vice president for student affairs called the noose incident a `` cowardly act . '' `` to whomever committed this hateful and stupid act , i just want to say that if your intent was to create fear , it will have the opposite effect , '' larry moneta said wednesday . duke university is a private college with about 15,000 students in durham , north carolina . cnn 's dave alsup contributed to this report .
 the rev. robert h. schuller , california televangelist and founder of the television ministry `` hour of power , '' died thursday , according to his family . he was 88 years old . schuller , also the founder of crystal cathedral megachurch , had been diagnosed with esophageal cancer in august 2013 , a release from `` hour of power '' said . `` my father-in-law passed away peacefully early this morning . he was a great dad and a great man of god , '' said schuller 's daughter-in-law , donna schuller , in a twitter message . schuller 's life followed an almost shakespearean arc . he was born in a iowa farmhouse without running water and longed to preach from his earliest days . in his autobiography , `` prayer : my soul 's adventure with god , '' he described standing alone by a river and picturing himself delivering sermons to a rapt congregation . after attending a hope college and western theological seminary in michigan , he met his wife of more than 60 years , arvella , while preaching at her church  she was the organist  . with their young family in tow , the schullers caravanned west to california , where he rented a drive-in theater and preached from the roof of the snack bar . it was beneath the dignity of christian ministry , some local pastors huffed . the `` passion pits '' where teenagers necked was no place for the gospel . schuller was undeterred , and he quickly outgrew the drive-in . he called the explosive growth of his tiny congregation a `` miracle , '' though his many mainstream critics had other names for it . his confident , breezy version of christianity -- too breezy , by some estimations -- drew hordes of seekers and lapsed christians who were put off by the hellfire fulminations of many post-war american preachers . schuller sold a softer , gentler message , which borrowed heavily , he acknowledged , from the father of the feel-good gospel , norman vincent peale . he preached not to convert or condemn people , but to encourage them , a sentiment he called `` possibility thinking . '' people loved it . `` evangelicalism at its best wants to be innovative and reach people , '' said timothy larsen , a professor of christian thought at wheaton college in illinois . `` and schuller was a master at that . '' `` what he got right is that the gospel is good news , '' larsen continued . `` and he preached an uplifting message about personal transformation and uplift and hope . '' some of schuller 's favored phrases , though , struck others as cornpone christianity . `` turn your hurt into a halo ? '' said randall balmer , a professor of american religious history at dartmouth college , citing one such phrase . `` that 's pretty weak tea . '' still , balmer gives schuller some credit . `` it may be bad theology , but it 's brilliant marketing . '' in 1970 , schuller began broadcasting `` hour of power , '' believed to be one of the first , if not the very first , sunday service to be shown regularly on television . with his genial smile , priestly robes and gray hair , he looked and talked like a guy who wanted nothing more than to see his flock succeed . the show , which ran for decades , reached millions , making schuller a televangelist before the term became tarnished by the sins of his many successors . schuller 's crowning achievement , at least architecturally , still stands in orange county , california , though it is now owned by the roman catholic church . the crystal cathedral , a great gleaming edifice with 10,000 glass panels , gave worshipers a look at the clouds that house the heavens , while schuller preached in the pulpit below . the message was clear to many : the road to the former ran through the latter . during the 1980s and 1990s , schuller 's star continued to rise , with presidents stopping by the crystal cathedral -- often during campaigns , it should be said -- and future megachurch pastors like rick warren and bill hybels seeking his advice . as schuller aged , though , his family was beset by a succession scandal straight from the pages of `` king lear . '' he tried to install his only son , bobby jr. , as pastor of crystal cathedral . but the preaching styles of father and son were too different for the congregation -- measured at times at 10,000 strong -- to countenance . bobby schuller jr. left `` hour of power '' and the pulpit at crystal cathedral after a short time . as the family searched for a new successor and tussled over finances , viewers and donations to the church and its television show dropped precipitously . crystal cathedral ministries filed for bankruptcy in 2010 , citing debts of more than $ 43 million , according to the associated press . schuller 's empire , which once soared as high as his glassy cathedral , had fallen to dust . eventually , schuller 's grandson , also named bobby , took over `` hour of power , '' though at a different church . in a statement on thursday , the younger schuller recalled standing atop crystal cathedral 's 12-story tower of hope with his grandfather as they surveyed the surrounding landscape . `` you could see the whole world from there , '' he said . people we 've lost in 2015 . cnn 's stella chan reported from los angeles .
 never mind cats having nine lives . a stray pooch in washington state has used up at least three of her own after being hit by a car , apparently whacked on the head with a hammer in a misguided mercy killing and then buried in a field -- only to survive . that 's according to washington state university , where the dog -- a friendly white-and-black bully breed mix now named theia -- has been receiving care at the veterinary teaching hospital . four days after her apparent death , the dog managed to stagger to a nearby farm , dirt-covered and emaciated , where she was found by a worker who took her to a vet for help . she was taken in by moses lake , washington , resident sara mellado . `` considering everything that she 's been through , she 's incredibly gentle and loving , '' mellado said , according to wsu news . `` she 's a true miracle dog and she deserves a good life . '' theia is only one year old but the dog 's brush with death did not leave her unscathed . she suffered a dislocated jaw , leg injuries and a caved-in sinus cavity -- and still requires surgery to help her breathe . the veterinary hospital 's good samaritan fund committee awarded some money to help pay for the dog 's treatment , but mellado has set up a fundraising page to help meet the remaining cost of the dog 's care . she 's also created a facebook page to keep supporters updated . donors have already surpassed the $ 10,000 target , inspired by theia 's tale of survival against the odds . on the fundraising page , mellado writes , `` she is in desperate need of extensive medical procedures to fix her nasal damage and reset her jaw . i agreed to foster her until she finally found a loving home . '' she is dedicated to making sure theia gets the medical attention she needs , mellado adds , and wants to `` make sure she gets placed in a family where this will never happen to her again ! '' any additional funds raised will be `` paid forward '' to help other animals . theia is not the only animal to apparently rise from the grave in recent weeks . a cat in tampa , florida , found seemingly dead after he was hit by a car in january , showed up alive in a neighbor 's yard five days after he was buried by his owner . the cat was in bad shape , with maggots covering open wounds on his body and a ruined left eye , but remarkably survived with the help of treatment from the humane society .
 if you 've been following the news lately , there are certain things you doubtless know about mohammad javad zarif . he is , of course , the iranian foreign minister . he has been u.s. secretary of state john kerry 's opposite number in securing a breakthrough in nuclear discussions that could lead to an end to sanctions against iran -- if the details can be worked out in the coming weeks . and he received a hero 's welcome as he arrived in iran on a sunny friday morning . `` long live zarif , '' crowds chanted as his car rolled slowly down the packed street . you may well have read that he is `` polished '' and , unusually for one burdened with such weighty issues , `` jovial . '' an internet search for `` mohammad javad zarif '' and `` jovial '' yields thousands of results . he certainly has gone a long way to bring iran in from the cold and allow it to rejoin the international community . but there are some facts about zarif that are less well-known . here are six : . in september 2013 , zarif tweeted `` happy rosh hashanah , '' referring to the jewish new year . that prompted christine pelosi , the daughter of house minority leader nancy pelosi , to respond with a tweet of her own : `` thanks . the new year would be even sweeter if you would end iran 's holocaust denial , sir . '' and , perhaps to her surprise , pelosi got a response . `` iran never denied it , '' zarif tweeted back . `` the man who was perceived to be denying it is now gone . happy new year . '' the reference was likely to former iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad , who had left office the previous month . zarif was nominated to be foreign minister by ahmadinejad 's successor , hassan rouhami . his foreign ministry notes , perhaps defensively , that `` due to the political and security conditions of the time , he decided to continue his education in the united states . '' that is another way of saying that he was outside the country during the demonstrations against the shah of iran , which began in 1977 , and during the iranian revolution , which drove the shah from power in 1979 . zarif left the country in 1977 , received his undergraduate degree from san francisco state university in 1981 , his master 's in international relations from the university of denver in 1984 and his doctorate from the university of denver in 1988 . both of his children were born in the united states . the website of the iranian foreign ministry , which zarif runs , can not even agree with itself on when he was born . the first sentence of his official biography , perhaps in a nod to the powers that be in tehran , says zarif was `` born to a religious traditional family in tehran in 1959 . '' later on the same page , however , his date of birth is listed as january 8 , 1960 . and the iranian diplomacy website says he was born in in 1961 . so he is 54 , 55 or maybe even 56 . whichever , he is still considerably younger than his opposite number , kerry , who is 71 . the feds investigated him over his alleged role in controlling the alavi foundation , a charitable organization . the u.s. justice department said the organization was secretly run on behalf of the iranian government to launder money and get around u.s. sanctions . but last year , a settlement in the case , under which the foundation agreed to give a 36-story building in manhattan along with other properties to the u.s. government , did not mention zarif 's name . early in the iranian revolution , zarif was among the students who took over the iranian consulate in san francisco . the aim , says the website iranian.com -- which cites zarif 's memoirs , titled `` mr. ambassador '' -- was to expel from the consulate people who were not sufficiently islamic . later , the website says , zarif went to make a similar protest at the iranian mission to the united nations . in response , the iranian ambassador to the united nations offered him a job . in fact , he has now spent more time with kerry than any other foreign minister in the world . and that amount of quality time will only increase as the two men , with help from other foreign ministers as well , try to meet a june 30 deadline for nailing down the details of the agreement they managed to outline this week in switzerland .
 he 's a blue chip college basketball recruit . she 's a high school freshman with down syndrome . at first glance trey moses and ellie meredith could n't be more different . but all that changed thursday when trey asked ellie to be his prom date . trey -- a star on eastern high school 's basketball team in louisville , kentucky , who 's headed to play college ball next year at ball state -- was originally going to take his girlfriend to eastern 's prom . so why is he taking ellie instead ? `` she 's great ... she listens and she 's easy to talk to '' he said . trey made the prom-posal  yes , that 's what they are calling invites to prom these days  in the gym during ellie 's p.e. class . trina helson , a teacher at eastern , alerted the school 's newspaper staff to the prom-posal and posted photos of trey and ellie on twitter that have gone viral . she was n't surpristed by trey 's actions . `` that 's the kind of person trey is , '' she said . to help make sure she said yes , trey entered the gym armed with flowers and a poster that read `` let 's party like it 's 1989 , '' a reference to the latest album by taylor swift , ellie 's favorite singer . trey also got the ok from ellie 's parents the night before via text . they were thrilled . `` you just feel numb to those moments raising a special needs child , '' said darla meredith , ellie 's mom . `` you first feel the need to protect and then to overprotect . '' darla meredith said ellie has struggled with friendships since elementary school , but a special program at eastern called best buddies had made things easier for her . she said best buddies cultivates friendships between students with and without developmental disabilities and prevents students like ellie from feeling isolated and left out of social functions . `` i guess around middle school is when kids started to care about what others thought , '' she said , but `` this school , this year has been a relief . '' trey 's future coach at ball state , james whitford , said he felt great about the prom-posal , noting that trey , whom he 's known for a long time , often works with other kids . trey 's mother , shelly moses , was also proud of her son . `` it 's exciting to bring awareness to a good cause , '' she said . `` trey has worked pretty hard , and he 's a good son . '' both trey and ellie have a lot of planning to do . trey is looking to take up special education as a college major , in addition to playing basketball in the fall . as for ellie , she ca n't stop thinking about prom . `` ellie ca n't wait to go dress shopping '' her mother said . `` because i 've only told about a million people ! '' ellie interjected .
 michele bachmann is comparing president obama to the co-pilot of the doomed germanwings flight . `` with his iran deal , barack obama is for the 300 million souls of the united states what andreas lubitz was for the 150 souls on the german wings flight - a deranged pilot flying his entire nation into the rocks , '' the minnesota republican and former representative wrote in a facebook comment posted march 31 . `` after the fact , among the smoldering remains of american cities , the shocked survivors will ask , why did he do it ? '' andreas lubitz , the co-pilot of germanwings flight 9525 , is accused by authorities of deliberately crashing the plane in the french alps . he died in the crash along with 149 other crew and passengers . the motive of the march 24 crash is under investigation , though investigators are looking in to whether lubitz feared a medical condition would cause him to lose his pilot 's license . many comments posted on her facebook page blasted the former representative . melissa coca wrote , `` comparing this tragedy to anything is moronic and despicable . '' michael j pristash wrote , `` your allusion is so inappropriate and divisive , not to mention disrespectful on so many levels . shame on you . '' some also accused her of taking desperate measures to stay in the public eye . lynda anderson wrote , `` posting outrageous things in a pathetic attempt to stay relevant ? '' negotiations are coming down to the wire between iran , the united states and other nations on restricting tehran 's nuclear program to prevent the ability to develop an atomic bomb . one deadline passed tuesday , but there is a june 30 deadline for a comprehensive deal -- with all technical and diplomatic impasses fully worked out . bachmann is no stranger to voicing her opinion on the president 's dealing with iran , personally telling him to `` bomb iran '' during the 2014 white house christmas party . `` i turned to the president and i said , something to the effect of , ` mr. president , you need to bomb the iranian nuclear facilities , because if you do n't , iran will have a nuclear weapon on your watch and the course of world history will change , ' '' she told the washington free beacon . the congresswoman , who sought the gop presidential nomination in 2012 , said obama had a `` condescending smile on his face and laughed at me . '' she said he told her : `` well michele , it 's just not that easy . ''
 it 's more than just one state 's internal problem . the historic california drought hurts the rest of the union , too . that 's because california is a breadbasket to the nation , growing more than a third of its vegetables and nearly two-thirds of its fruits and nuts . here 's why we should heed the ongoing drought in the most populous state , a slowly expanding natural disaster now in its fourth year that this week prompted gov. jerry brown to announce a mandatory 25 % cutback in water consumption in all cities . in 2014 , one expert predicted consumers would pay more for some groceries because of the california drought . he was often right , according to statistics gathered by timothy richards , agribusiness professor at arizona state university . prices rose last year for these items on your kitchen table : . • berries rose in price by about 80 cents per clamshell to $ 3.88 . • broccoli by 11 cents per pound to $ 1.89 . • grapes by 64 cents a pound to $ 3.06 . • melons by 24 cents a pound to $ 1.23 . • packaged salad by 23 cents a bag to $ 2.91 . • peppers by 26 cents a pound to $ 2.39 . though fruits and vegetable prices fell in february , overall prices are expected to rise this year , because of inflation , u.s. department of agriculture economist annemarie kuhns said . fresh fruit prices are projected to rise between 2.5 % and 3.5 % , and vegetables between 2 % and 3 % , close to historical average increases , kuhns said . whether the california drought will affect food prices again this year is unknown , thanks to a strong dollar . the greenback 's strength allows producers to import crops that may be withering under the absence of west coast rain or other misfortunes elsewhere in the nation , kuhns said . moreover , the drop in oil prices also eases the cost of transporting food from california to the other 49 states , she said . what economists do n't know yet is whether farmers will plant fewer crops because of the drought . those decisions are now being made in the field and could boost supermarket prices , she said . `` the drought in california does have the potential to impact the price we pay for fresh fruit and fresh vegetables and dairy and fresh eggs we pay at the counter , '' kuhns said . `` we are not sure what the exact impact will be . '' the reality is there 's a major drought throughout the west and southwest . while not as bad as california , texas and oklahoma are also seeing extreme and exceptional drought -- the two worst categories -- in several parts of their states , the u.s. drought monitor said this week . overall , the western drought affects more than 52 million people , the monitor says . as a result , consumers paid a whopping extra 12.1 % for beef and veal in 2014 , the usda reports . straining under a drought that began in 2012 , ranchers in texas and oklahoma last year saw smaller grazing pastures , paid more for feed , and experienced difficulties accessing water to cool their cattle . so the cattlemen began culling their herds , kuhns said . this year 's beef and veal prices should rise only by 6 % at most , still higher than the 4.1 % historical average , the feds project . but beef prices offer an object lesson about the drought . `` there 's other areas being affected , '' kuhns said . it 's called the golden state for the gold rush of yore , but let 's face it : the rest of the nation flocks to california for vacation because of another golden reason . its year-round sunshine . so the next time you take a holiday in california , you 'll find a few changes around here , thanks to the drought . like asking for a glass of water at a restaurant . you wo n't find water waiting for you on the table . eateries now `` can only serve water to customers on request , '' the state water resources control board declared in march under expanded emergency regulations . tourists can also expect to hear a lot of requests at hotels about whether they want their linens and towels laundered daily . these requests are mandatory under the new regulations . and they 'll see fewer homes running decorative fountains . because much of the snowpack in the sierra nevada has alarmingly disappeared , many ski resorts shut down early this year , including at lake tahoe , and some are now building zip lines , mountain bike trails and wedding venues to keep tourists coming , the sacramento bee reported . `` if the drought continues through next winter and we do not conserve more , the consequences could be even more catastrophic than they already are , '' state water board chair felicia marcus said in march . but what about those yummy california wines , you ask ? guess what . they 're only getting better -- because of the drought . yes , you read that right . the 2014 wine grape harvest was `` third in a string of great vintages this decade , '' the wine institute says . `` california vintners and growers across the state are grateful for another excellent vintage , despite an ongoing drought and earthquake that rocked south napa in late august just as crush was getting underway , '' the institute said in a statement last year . `` a mild winter and spring caused early bud break , although the overall length of the growing season was similar to past years . '' wine grapes use relatively low water , said institute spokeswoman gladys horiuchi . `` yes , drought years tend to produce terrific quality , '' she added . `` with the record high california wine grape harvests in 2012 , 2013 and 2014 , there is a good supply of california wine . '' that may be the only thing to toast about this drought .
 as goes walmart , so goes the nation ? everyone from apple ceo tim cook to the head of the ncaa slammed religious freedom laws being considered in several states this week , warning that they would open the door to discrimination against gay and lesbian customers . but it was the opposition from walmart , the ubiquitous retailer that dots the american landscape , that perhaps resonated most deeply , providing the latest evidence of growing support for gay rights in the heartland . walmart 's staunch criticism of a religious freedom law in its home state of arkansas came after the company said in february it would boost pay for about 500,000 workers well above the federal minimum wage . taken together , the company is emerging as a bellwether for shifting public opinion on hot-button political issues that divide conservatives and liberals . and some prominent republicans are urging the party to take notice . former minnesota gov. tim pawlenty , who famously called on the gop to `` be the party of sam 's club , not just the country club , '' told cnn that walmart 's actions `` foreshadow where the republican party will need to move . '' `` the republican party will have to better stand for '' ideas on helping the middle class , said pawlenty , the head of the financial services roundtable , a washington lobbying group for the finance industry . the party 's leaders must be `` willing to put forward ideas that will help modest income workers , such as a reasonable increase in the minimum wage , and prohibit discrimination in things such as jobs , housing , public accommodation against gays and lesbians . '' walmart , which employs more than 50,000 people in arkansas , emerged victorious on wednesday . hours after the company 's ceo , doug mcmillon , called on republican gov. asa hutchinson to veto the bill , the governor held a news conference and announced he would not sign the legislation unless its language was fixed . walmart 's opposition to the religious freedom law once again puts the company at odds with many in the republican party , which the company 's political action committee has tended to support . in 2004 , the walmart pac gave around $ 2 million to republicans versus less than $ 500,000 to democrats , according to data from the center for responsive politics . that gap has grown less pronounced in recent years . in 2014 , the pac spent about $ 1.3 million to support republicans and around $ 970,000 for democrats . it has been a gradual transformation for walmart . in 2011 , the company bulked up its nondiscrimination policies by adding protections for gender identity . two years later , the company announced that it would start offering health insurance benefits to same-sex partners of employees starting in 2014 . retail experts say walmart 's evolution on these issues over the years is partly a reflection of its diverse consumer base , as well as a recognition of the country 's increasingly progressive views of gay equality  support for same-sex marriage is at a new high of 59 % , according to a recent wall street journal/nbc news poll  . `` it 's easy for someone like a chick-fil-a to take a really polarizing position , '' said dwight hill , a partner at the retail consulting firm mcmillandoolittle . `` but in the world of the largest retailer in the world , that 's very different . '' hill added : same-sex marriage , `` while divisive , it 's becoming more common place here within the u.s. , and the businesses by definition have to follow the trend of their customer . '' the backlash over the religious freedom measures in indiana and arkansas this week is shining a bright light on the broader business community 's overwhelming support for workplace policies that promote gay equality . after indiana gov. mike pence , a republican , signed his state 's religious freedom bill into law , ceos of companies big and small across the country threatened to pull out of the hoosier state . the resistance came from business leaders of all political persuasions , including bill oesterle , ceo of the business-rating website angie 's list and a one-time campaign manager for former indiana gov. mitch daniels . oesterle announced that his company would put plans on hold to expand its footprint in indianapolis in light of the state 's passage of the religious freedom act . nascar , scheduled to hold a race in indianapolis this summer , also spoke out against the indiana law . `` what we 're seeing over the past week is a tremendous amount of support from the business community who are standing up and are sending that equality is good for business and discrimination is bad for business , '' said jason rahlan , spokesman for the human rights campaign . the debate has reached presidential politics . national republicans are being forced to walk the fine line of protecting religious liberties and supporting nondiscrimination . likely gop presidential candidate jeb bush initially backed indiana 's religious freedom law and pence , but moderated his tone a few days later . the former florida governor said wednesday that indiana could have taken a `` better '' and `` more consensus-oriented approach . '' `` by the end of the week , indiana will be in the right place , '' bush said , a reference to pence 's promise this week to fix his state 's law in light of the widespread backlash . others in the gop field are digging in . sen. ted cruz of texas , the only officially declared republican presidential candidate , said wednesday that he had no interest in second-guessing pence and lashed out at the business community for opposing the law . `` i think it is unfortunate that large companies today are listening to the extreme left wing agenda that is driven by an aggressive gay marriage agenda , '' cruz said . meanwhile , former secretary of state hillary clinton , who previously served on walmart 's board of directors , called on hutchinson to veto the arkansas bill , saying it would `` permit unfair discrimination '' against the lgbt community . jay chesshir , ceo of the little rock regional chamber of commerce in arkansas , welcomed hutchinson 's pledge on wednesday to seek changes to his state 's bill . he said businesses are not afraid to wade into a politically controversial debate to ensure inclusive workplace policies . `` when it comes to culture and quality of life , businesses are extremely interested in engaging in debate simply because it impacts its more precious resource -- and that 's its people , '' chesshir said . `` therefore , when issues arise that have negative or positive impact on those things , then the business community will again speak and speak loudly . ''
 five americans who were monitored for three weeks at an omaha , nebraska , hospital after being exposed to ebola in west africa have been released , a nebraska medicine spokesman said in an email wednesday . one of the five had a heart-related issue on saturday and has been discharged but has n't left the area , taylor wilson wrote . the others have already gone home . they were exposed to ebola in sierra leone in march , but none developed the deadly virus . they are clinicians for partners in health , a boston-based aid group . they all had contact with a colleague who was diagnosed with the disease and is being treated at the national institutes of health in bethesda , maryland . as of monday , that health care worker is in fair condition . the centers for disease control and prevention in atlanta has said the last of 17 patients who were being monitored are expected to be released by thursday . more than 10,000 people have died in a west african epidemic of ebola that dates to december 2013 , according to the world health organization . almost all the deaths have been in guinea , liberia and sierra leone . ebola is spread by direct contact with the bodily fluids of an infected person .
 andrew getty , one of the heirs to billions of oil money , appears to have died of natural causes , a los angeles police department spokesman said . the coroner 's preliminary assessment is there was no foul play involved in the death of getty , grandson of oil tycoon j. paul getty , said detective meghan aguilar . andrew getty , 47 , had `` several health issues , '' aguilar said , adding that an autopsy will be conducted . there is no criminal investigation underway , he said . some medication had also been recovered from getty 's home , though investigators do n't know whether getty was taking it or what his medical history was , ed winter , assistant chief in the los angeles county coroner 's office , told cnn affiliate ktla tuesday night . ktla reported that getty was found on his side near a bathroom in his home . getty 's parents , ann and gordon getty , released a statement confirming their son 's death and asking for privacy . where the getty family fortune came from . gordon getty is one of three living sons of j. paul getty , the oil baron who was thought to be the richest man in the world at the time of his death in 1976 . gordon getty , 81 , has a net worth of $ 2.1 billion , according to forbes . one other son died in 1958 and another died in 1973 . gordon getty spearheaded the controversial sale of getty to texaco for $ 10 billion in 1984 . in its list of richest american families , forbes estimated the gettys ' net worth to be about $ 5 billion . court records show andrew getty had recently filed to get a restraining order against an ex-girlfriend . a hearing in the case had been scheduled for next week . in his request , getty said he had been diagnosed with a serious medical condition in 2013 . `` a rise in my blood pressure places me in grave risk of substantial and irreparable injury or death , '' he wrote in the petition . `` my doctors have advised that heated arguments can cause my blood pressure to rise dangerously . '' andrew getty had three brothers and three half-sisters . people we 've lost in 2015 . cnn 's doug criss , janet digiacomo , mark mooney , mike love , julie in and cheri mossburg contributed to this report .
 a year ago bloomberg published a story with the following headline : mike pence , a koch favorite , mulls 2016 run for president . the story ticked off items on pence 's conservative things-to-do list while also noting his close ties to the deep-pocketed koch brothers , as well as other right-wing lobbying groups . last august the indiana governor was in dallas for an americans for prosperity event ; the group is backed by the conservative koch brothers , and supported gov. pence 's tax-slashing budget . now , pence is drawing huge heat for his controversial decision to sign a religious freedom law last week that opens the door to discrimination against gays and lesbians . why would pence ignore the pleas of indiana 's chamber of commerce as well as the republican mayor of his state capital and sign such a bill ? because there 's a very powerful wing of his party that wants a conservative as its 2016 candidate and this bill was pence 's way of shoring up his street cred . it is also the reason why republican jeb bush , pence 's fellow white house hopeful , who is viewed as a little light in that category , was first to rush in to defend pence and the law . one lesson here : just because more than 70 % of the country now lives in states where same-sex marriage is legal does not mean 70 % of the country is happy about it . backlash aside , the fact is pence has scored a lot of points this week among ultraconservatives . and while that may not be enough to get him over this political hump , the very public debate that now embroils him -- and arkansas gov. asa hutchinson , and likely 14 other states considering similar proposals this year -- is more than enough to drag the entire republican field farther to the right than the party had hoped . pence : ` was i expecting this kind of backlash ? heavens no . ' for there is no way a republican can get through the pending primary without denouncing lgbt rights , which unfortunately will turn numerous americans into single-issue voters . i foolishly hoped the issue of lgbt rights would be a bit player in the 2016 general election , overshadowed by foreign policy and the economy . instead it looks like it 's going to be dragged down to a replay of pat buchanan 's `` cultural war '' speech , during which he told the 1992 republican national convention : `` we stand with  george h.w. bush  against the amoral idea that gay and lesbian couples should have the same standing in law as married men and women '' and later followed with `` there is a religious war going on in this country . it is a cultural war , as critical to the kind of nation we shall be as the cold war itself . for this war is for the soul of america . '' progressives may enjoy watching pence 's temporary fall from grace , but his policy rhetoric has echoed that of 2016 hopeful sen. ted cruz of texas , who has indicated a federal ban on same-sex marriage is not off the gop table . and even if you think neither pence nor bush nor cruz will win the nomination , someone has to . in light of that , listen to conservative former arkansas gov. mike huckabee , a potential 2016 candidate describing conservatives ' discomfort with same-sex marriage : `` it 's like asking someone who 's jewish to start serving bacon-wrapped shrimp in their deli . '' or louisiana gov. bobby jindal : `` i certainly will support ted cruz and others that are talking about making ... a constitutional amendment to allow states to continue to define marriage . '' or wisconsin gov. scott walker , who has a long history of fighting against same-sex marriage and civil unions . and ben carson said jail turns people gay , so there 's that . remember : pence did n't act alone . he only signed a bill that first passed muster with other elected officials . in fact , according to the american civil liberties union , `` the indiana rfra -lsb- religious freedom restoration act -rsb- is one of 24 introduced in 15 states this year that could allow someone to use their religious beliefs to discriminate . numerous other bills specifically single out the lgbt community for unequal treatment . '' who supports , denounces indiana law ? gallup polls may suggest voters nationwide are more gay-friendly , but the trend on the state level tells a different story . perhaps we 're witnessing the final gasp of long-ago biases . or maybe those biases are having a rebirth we had underestimated . former rep. barney frank of massachusetts , the first member of congress to marry someone of the same sex while in office , said he believes republicans want the supreme court to rule in favor of same-sex marriage to provide political cover in the gop primary . `` we 're winning , '' he told a crowd in chicago recently while promoting his latest book . i guess if you look at where the country was on lgbt issues 10 years ago , we definitely are . that 's assuming you are part of the `` we '' who believe lgbt people should have the same rights as their heterosexual/cisgender counterparts . but as the situation in indiana has shown , `` winning '' should not be mistaken for having `` won . '' for it is doubtful that a candidate will be able to avoid taking a position on the wave of so-called `` religious freedom '' bills snaking through red-state legislatures . or to sidestep the topic of a constitutional amendment when it 's raised in a debate or at a campaign stop , especially with republicans controlling both the house and the senate . pence , and to a lesser extent , jeb bush , may be toxic now but america has a short attention span . more importantly , they are not alone . frank said when progressives get angry they march in the streets , and when conservatives get mad they march to the polls . if that holds true in 2016 , `` winning '' is going to feel very strange .
 filipinos are being warned to be on guard for flash floods and landslides as tropical storm maysak approached the asian island nation saturday . just a few days ago , maysak gained super typhoon status thanks to its sustained 150 mph winds . it has since lost a lot of steam as it has spun west in the pacific ocean . it 's now classified as a tropical storm , according to the philippine national weather service , which calls it a different name , chedeng . it boasts steady winds of more than 70 mph  115 kph  and gusts up to 90 mph as of 5 p.m.  5 a.m. et  saturday . still , that does n't mean maysak wo n't pack a wallop . authorities took preemptive steps to keep people safe such as barring outdoor activities like swimming , surfing , diving and boating in some locales , as well as a number of precautionary evacuations . gabriel llave , a disaster official , told pna that tourists who arrive saturday in and around the coastal town of aurora `` will not be accepted by the owners of hotels , resorts , inns and the like ... and will be advised to return to their respective places . '' aldczar aurelio , a meteorologist with the philippine atmospheric , geophysical and astronomical services administration  pagasa  , said the storm was centered 200 miles southwest of aurora province as of 5 p.m.  5 a.m. et  and heading west at a 12.5 mph clip . it 's expected to make landfall sunday morning on the southeastern coast of isabela province and be out of the philippines by monday . ahead of the storm . isabela gov. faustino dry iii warned saturday that residents should act as if this will be `` no ordinary typhoon . '' dry told pna , `` we do not know what the impact will be once it will make landfall . ''
 the second mate of the houston express probably could n't believe what he was seeing . hundreds of miles from land there was a small boat nearby . at first it looked abandoned . it was in bad shape , listing to one side . the crew of the 1,000-foot long container ship thought it was a yacht that had wrecked . incredibly , as they got closer , they saw there was a man on it , signaling for help . `` he was moving , walking around , waving to us and in surprisingly good condition , '' capt. thomas grenz told cnn by phone friday . that man , louis jordan , 37 , had an amazing story . he 'd been drifting on the 35-foot pearson sailboat for more than two months since leaving conway , south carolina , to fish in the ocean . just a few days into his trip , a storm capsized his boat and broke his mast . one of his shoulders was broken , too , so he could n't fix the boat right away . eventually he was able to rig a makeshift mast and sail , but he could make little headway against the currents . `` it took so long , '' jordan said . `` it moved so slowly . '' the boat capsized two more times before he was rescued , according to jordan . his father , frank jordan , told cnn 's jim sciutto that he was expecting his son to look different . `` he looked good . had n't lost too much weight . he was n't badly sunburned like i thought he probably would be , '' he said . lost at sea for 66 days . after his food and water ran out , it became an issue of survival . collecting fresh water was a nightmare for jordan . the weather would n't cooperate . records show there were more than a dozen storms off the coast of the carolinas during the time he was missing . the precipitation came at night during harsh conditions . `` i had tried to collect  rain  water ... but every time the waves would splash into the boat , '' jordan said . `` the waves would put saltwater into my freshwater and it tasted bad . `` finally the conditions were right . i filled up my water tank , which is 25 gallons . i filled up a bucket . '' then there was the issue of food . the fish were n't cooperating , but after a while jordan learned they were attracted to his laundry , which he would put out to sea for a rinse . the fish would swim in and out of his clothes and he could easily scoop them up with a hand net , he said . jordan came ashore thursday evening . cnn affiliate wavy in norfolk , virginia , reported that he was able to walk from the helicopter into sentara norfolk general hospital about 7:30 p.m. coast guard officials have said they have found no reason to doubt jordan 's incredible story . they noted that his father contacted them january 29 to report his son and his boat missing . frank jordan addressed the skepticism about his son 's appearance , saying the boat stayed afloat and upright most of the time . his son spent most of his days in the cabin , out of the sun . frank jordan said it was obvious when the jordans met at the hospital friday morning that his normally low-key and private son had been through an ordeal . `` i know he went through what he went through , '' frank jordan said . jordan is an unemployed truck driver who lived on his boat at a marina in conway . he had free rent and free food in the river , he said . but when it became difficult to catch dinner , he took off for the ocean in hopes he would land some bigger fish . frank jordan told cnn 's wolf blitzer on thursday that he had worried about his son , who is an inexperienced sailor , but he held hope because his son had a good boat . and he had the strength to make it . `` he 's got a very strong constitution and  is strong  not only physically , but spiritually , '' frank jordan said . `` and he told me on the phone that he was praying the whole time , so i believe that sustained him a great deal . '' rescue swimmer kyle mccollum was the first to care for jordan on the flight back to land . `` you would expect sunburns , severe sunburn , blisters maybe ... a bunch of medical issues that could possibly be wrong with him , '' he said . `` but for him to be in his current state was pretty amazing . '' grenz was also surprised by jordan 's condition , physically and mentally . the rescued sailor knew almost exactly what day it was , remarkable for someone who had been on the water for more than 60 days . jordan was dehydrated and said he was hungry . `` we took him to a rescue boat , '' the container ship captain said . `` he was given water and pea soup to gain some power again . '' derriel morris , a neighbor at the bucksport plantation marina & rv resort called jordan a nice guy who loved his 47-year-old boat , named `` angel . '' morris said : `` it was immaculate , it was gorgeous , beautifully painted . i mean it looked like a brand new sailboat . '' morris told cnn affiliate wpde that one day in january he was going to the store and jordan asked him to bring back some coffee creamer . but when he returned to the marina , jordan had slipped away . `` there was no shore line , no hose ; it was like he was never there , '' morris told the station . after he disappeared others who also live there held a candlelight ceremony . the marina 's manager , jeff weeks , told wpde that jordan is expected to be back at buscksport next week . tales of people who cheated death after days , weeks adrift .
 paul walker is hardly the first actor to die during a production . but walker 's death in november 2013 at the age of 40 after a car crash was especially eerie given his rise to fame in the `` fast and furious '' film franchise . the release of `` furious 7 '' on friday offers the opportunity for fans to remember -- and possibly grieve again -- the man that so many have praised as one of the nicest guys in hollywood . `` he was a person of humility , integrity , and compassion , '' military veteran kyle upham said in an email to cnn . walker secretly paid for the engagement ring upham shopped for with his bride . `` we did n't know him personally but this was apparent in the short time we spent with him . i know that we will never forget him and he will always be someone very special to us , '' said upham . the actor was on break from filming `` furious 7 '' at the time of the fiery accident , which also claimed the life of the car 's driver , roger rodas . producers said early on that they would not kill off walker 's character , brian o'connor , a former cop turned road racer . instead , the script was rewritten and special effects were used to finish scenes , with walker 's brothers , cody and caleb , serving as body doubles . there are scenes that will resonate with the audience -- including the ending , in which the filmmakers figured out a touching way to pay tribute to walker while `` retiring '' his character . at the premiere wednesday night in hollywood , walker 's co-star and close friend vin diesel gave a tearful speech before the screening , saying `` this movie is more than a movie . '' `` you 'll feel it when you see it , '' diesel said . `` there 's something emotional that happens to you , where you walk out of this movie and you appreciate everyone you love because you just never know when the last day is you 're gon na see them . '' there have been multiple tributes to walker leading up to the release . diesel revealed in an interview with the `` today '' show that he had named his newborn daughter after walker . social media has also been paying homage to the late actor . a week after walker 's death , about 5,000 people attended an outdoor memorial to him in los angeles . most had never met him . marcus coleman told cnn he spent almost $ 1,000 to truck in a banner from bakersfield for people to sign at the memorial . `` it 's like losing a friend or a really close family member ... even though he is an actor and we never really met face to face , '' coleman said . `` sitting there , bringing his movies into your house or watching on tv , it 's like getting to know somebody . it really , really hurts . '' walker 's younger brother cody told people magazine that he was initially nervous about how `` furious 7 '' would turn out , but he is happy with the film . `` it 's bittersweet , but i think paul would be proud , '' he said . cnn 's paul vercammen contributed to this report .
 the united states and its negotiating partners reached a very strong framework agreement with iran in lausanne , switzerland , on thursday that limits iran 's nuclear program in such a way as to effectively block it from building a nuclear weapon . expect pushback anyway , if the recent past is any harbinger . just last month , in an attempt to head off such an agreement , house speaker john boehner invited israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu to preemptively blast it before congress , and 47 senators sent a letter to the iranian leadership warning them away from a deal . the debate that has already begun since the announcement of the new framework will likely result in more heat than light . it will not be helped by the gathering swirl of dubious assumptions and doubtful assertions . let us address some of these : . the most misleading assertion , despite universal rejection by experts , is that the negotiations ' objective at the outset was the total elimination of any nuclear program in iran . that is the position of netanyahu and his acolytes in the u.s. congress . but that is not and never was the objective . if it had been , there would have been no iranian team at the negotiating table . rather , the objective has always been to structure an agreement or series of agreements so that iran could not covertly develop a nuclear arsenal before the united states and its allies could respond . the new framework has exceeded expectations in achieving that goal . it would reduce iran 's low-enriched uranium stockpile , cut by two-thirds its number of installed centrifuges and implement a rigorous inspection regime . another dubious assumption of opponents is that the iranian nuclear program is a covert weapons program . despite sharp accusations by some in the united states and its allies , iran denies having such a program , and u.s. intelligence contends that iran has not yet made the decision to build a nuclear weapon . iran 's continued cooperation with international atomic energy agency inspections is further evidence on this point , and we 'll know even more about iran 's program in the coming months and years because of the deal . in fact , the inspections provisions that are part of this agreement are designed to protect against any covert action by the iranians . what 's more , the rhetoric of some members of congress has implied that the negotiations have been between only the united states and iran  i.e. , the 47 senators ' letter warning that a deal might be killed by congress or a future president  . this of course is not the case . the talks were between iran and the five permanent members of the u.n. security council  united states , united kingdom , france , china and russia  plus germany , dubbed the p5 +1 . while the united states has played a leading role in the effort , it negotiated the terms alongside its partners . if the agreement reached by the p5 +1 is rejected by congress , it could result in an unraveling of the sanctions on iran and threaten nato cohesion in other areas . another questionable assertion is that this agreement contains a sunset clause , after which iran will be free to do as it pleases . again , this is not the case . some of the restrictions on iran 's nuclear activities , such as uranium enrichment , will be eased or eliminated over time , as long as 15 years . but most importantly , the framework agreement includes iran 's ratification of the additional protocol , which allows iaea inspectors expanded access to nuclear sites both declared and nondeclared . this provision will be permanent . it does not sunset . thus , going forward , if iran decides to enrich uranium to weapons-grade levels , monitors will be able to detect such a move in a matter of days and alert the u.n. security council . many in congress have said that the agreement should be a formal treaty requiring the senate to `` advise and consent . '' but the issue is not suited for a treaty . treaties impose equivalent obligations on all signatories . for example , the new start treaty limits russia and the united states to 1,550 deployed strategic warheads . but any agreement with iran will not be so balanced . the restrictions and obligations in the final framework agreement will be imposed almost exclusively on iran . the p5 +1 are obligated only to ease and eventually remove most but not all economic sanctions , which were imposed as leverage to gain this final deal . finally some insist that any agreement must address iranian missile programs , human rights violations or support for hamas or hezbollah . as important as these issues are , and they must indeed be addressed , they are unrelated to the most important aim of a nuclear deal : preventing a nuclear iran . to include them in the negotiations would be a poison pill . this agreement should be judged on its merits and on how it affects the security of our negotiating partners and allies , including israel . those judgments should be fact-based , not based on questionable assertions or dubious assumptions .
 if you 're famous and performing the american national anthem , be prepared to become a national hero or a national disgrace . facts are facts . just ask vince , whitney , roseanne , jimi and michael . mötley crüe 's vince neil reminded us again this week of the dangers of tackling `` the star-spangled banner . '' sure , he can shred it on `` girls , girls , girls '' and `` dr. feelgood , '' but this is a different story -- a completely different story . to say neil butchered the song before the las vegas outlaws arena football league game would be unkind to those in the profession . there 's less carnage when butchers are done with their work . the late whitney houston set the modern standard for the national anthem at super bowl xxv . in the early stages of the gulf war in 1991 , a patriotic america saluted her performance . just six months earlier , comedian roseanne barr may have established the low-water mark . the crowd at the san diego padres game booed her rendition and president george h. w. bush called it `` disgraceful . '' there 's nothing quite like getting the presidential thumbs down . one of the most controversial and beloved versions of `` the star-spangled banner '' comes from 1969 . guitar slinger jimi hendrix inflamed mainstream america with his psychedelic take on the national anthem to the delight of the woodstock generation . and then there 's michael bolton 's version . overly wrought songs are his specialty and he does n't disappoint in that department when he sings at the american league championship series in 2003 . bolton belts it out , but there 's one little problem -- the words . can anyone say crib notes ?
 sky watchers in western north america are in for a treat : a nearly five-minute total lunar eclipse this morning . here 's how it 's unfolding : . it started at 3:16 a.m. pacific daylight time , when the moon began moving into earth 's shadow . for the next hour and 45 minutes , that shadow will move across the moon and engulf it at 4:58 a.m. pacific time . the total eclipse will only last four minutes and 43 seconds , and nasa says that makes it the shortest one of the century . watch it live on nasa tv . while people west of the mississippi river will have the best view , at least a partial eclipse will be visible across the nation . but sunrise will interrupt the show on the east coast . parts of south america , india , china and russia also will be able to see the eclipse , but it wo n't be visible in greenland , iceland , europe , africa or the middle east . a lunar eclipse happens when the sun , earth and moon form a straight line in space , with the earth smack in the middle . the sun shines on the earth and creates a shadow . as the moon moves deeper into that shadow , it appears to turn dark and may even appear to be a reddish color . why red ? because earth 's atmosphere is filtering out most of the blue light . some people have nicknamed the effect the `` blood moon . '' nasa says lunar eclipses typically happen at least twice a year , but this eclipse is the third in a series of four in a row , known as a `` tetrad . '' the first was on april 15 , 2014 . the second was in september 2014 , the next is saturday and there will be one more , on september 28 . if you want to learn more about the eclipse , nasa astronomer mitzi adams will take questions on twitter @nasa_marshall . did you see the total lunar eclipse ? share your photos with cnn ireport .
 standing up for what you believe . what does it cost you ? what do you gain ? memories pizza in the indiana town of walkerton is finding out . the family-run restaurant finds itself at the center of the debate over the state 's religious freedom restoration act after its owners said they 'd refuse to cater a same-sex couple 's wedding . `` if a gay couple was to come and they wanted us to bring pizzas to their wedding , we 'd have to say no , '' crystal o'connor told cnn affiliate wbnd-tv in south bend . the statement struck at the heart of fears by critics , who said the new law would allow businesses to discriminate against gays and lesbians . they called for boycotts . but supporters also rallied . and by the end of the week , they had donated more than $ 842,000 for the business . social media unloaded on the pizzeria in the community of 2,100 people that few folks outside northern indiana knew existed before this week . riskyliberal tweeted : `` dear #memoriespizza . no . my boycotting your business because i do n't like your religious bigotry is not a violation of your freedom to practice your religion . '' `` do n't threaten #memoriespizza '' tweeted aღanda . `` just mock them for their ignorance . '' bad reviews flooded the restaurant 's facebook page , most having little to do with the quality of the food . many too vulgar to share . `` do you really want to financially support a company that treats some of your fellow citizens like second class citizens ? boycott memories pizza !! '' said rob katz of indianapolis . `` let 's hope they either rethink their policy or the free market puts them out of business . '' anti-bigotry critics harass wrong pizzeria . but one outburst in particular shut down the restaurant wednesday and was expected to do the same thursday . `` who 's going to walkerton with me to burn down memories pizza ? '' jessica dooley of goshen tweeted , according to the walkerton police department . the account has been deleted since the tweet was posted . detectives who investigated have recommended charges of harassment , intimidation and threats , according to charles kulp , assistant police chief . the mood was a bit more subdued on the streets of walkerton . a man stood outside memories simply holding a sign that reads `` bigots . '' jason narducy bought $ 100 of pizza from another shop down the street and started handing it out , wbnd reported . `` do you want some non-discriminatory pizza ? '' narducy asked . but for every tweet and facebook post taking memories pizza to task were words of support and a groundswell of financial support . `` because nothing says tolerance like threatening to kill christians & burn down their businesses , '' said a tweet from victor nikki . `` what 's happening to #memoriespizza is n't the free market , it 's a lynch mob , '' tweeted savannah . `` cyber bulling is n't the same as taking your business elsewhere . '' supporters rallied to a gofundme page in support of memories pizza . by the time the fundraiser ended late friday , $ 842,387 had been raised . the purpose of the campaign is `` to relieve the financial loss endured by the proprietors ' stand for faith , '' according to lawrence billy jones ii , the man who started it . for the o'connors their stand was no pie in the sky dream . it was n't calculated but was spurred by their beliefs , they told wbnd . `` that 's a lifestyle that you choose . i choose to be heterosexual . they choose to be homosexual , '' kevin o'connor told the tv station . `` you ca n't beat me over the head with something they choose to be . '' faced with threats against business , they 're still weighing the cost . cnn 's rob frehse and melanie whitley contributed to this report .
 it 's the kind of thing you see in movies , like robert redford 's role in `` all is lost '' or ang lee 's `` life of pi . '' but , in real life , it 's hard to swallow the idea of a single person being stranded at sea for days , weeks , if not months and somehow living to talk about it . miracles do happen , though , and not just in hollywood . we 're not talking about people who float aimlessly or run aground after running out of gas or being let down by faltering winds only to be picked up a few hours later by the u.s. coast guard . much rarer are cases in which individuals become lost at sea long enough that they run out of whatever food and drinking water they 'd brought aboard , if any . in order to survive , they ca n't bank on technology or the proximity of a nearby city , town or boat -- but instead must rely on ingenuity , resourcefulness and luck . it 's hard to say how many of these types of stories end sadly , with a sailor dying at sea , except that it is a much higher number than those that end in rescues . such happy endings do occur -- given what rescue agencies have reported and assuming you believe what any sole survivor says , a big qualifier since typically no one else can prove or refute their accounts . below are a few recent examples : . louis jordan says that he set off on his 35-foot sailboat from south carolina in late january . he headed into the gulf stream looking for a good spot to catch fish . and then everything -- his boat , his life -- turned upside down . rescued man says he is ` utterly thankful ' not only did his boat capsize , but its mast broke , jordan said . and so , too , did his shoulder . he bought time by rationing water , then collecting fresh water in a bucket . as to food , jordan says he used laundry to trap and scoop up fish . and he rigged a makeshift mast and sail . but , jordan said , `` it took so long . it moved so slowly . '' his sailboat would capsize two more times before crew members on a german-flagged container ship , the houston express , spotted jordan about 200 miles off the north carolina coast on thursday . after their reunion , his father greeted him with a hug and an admission every parent dreads . `` i thought i lost you . '' jose salvador alvarenga says his journey began in paredon viejo , a port on mexico 's pacific coast , in late 2012 . the exact date is up for debate -- he says he set off in december , locals say it was november . but what 's not in doubt is that , after he left , he disappeared . until january 2013 . that 's when alvarenga interacted with humans once again , thousands of miles away on a remote atoll in the marshall islands . castaway recounts how he survived over a year adrift in pacific . what was supposed to be a one-day trip , he says , turned into an arduous odyssey across the pacific ocean , one that saw him lose his fishing companion and tested his will and ability to survive . his nightmare began when winds blew the pair off course . then a storm hit causing their boat , which was about three people long and one wide , to lose its engine and use of its radio communication and gps systems . four weeks in , alvarenga said his partner -- 23-year-old ezequiel cordova , according to the boat 's owner -- died because he refused to eat raw birds . the days , weeks and months ran together after that . alvarenga says he drank rainwater and , when there was n't any available , his own urine . he ate sea turtles . then , after 13 or 14 months adrift , he and his small , heavily damaged boat arrived on the ebon atoll , about a 22-hour boat ride from the marshall islands capital of majuro . the atoll has one phone line , no internet service and a few residents , two of whom alvarenga spotted and shouted to after spending a night in the woods . the el salvador native told cnn that his faith in god helped him survive . `` i thought , ' i am going to get out , '' he said . `` get out , get out , get out . '' some in their late 60s might relax in their retirement , reining it in a few notches as life slows down . and if you live in hawaii , there 's even more reason to take it easy . the thing is : ron ingraham is n't one of those people . he 's a fisherman . the sea is both his life and livelihood , his son , zakary , told cnn . and he 's tough , with his son jokingly comparing him to rambo . still , even the hardiest fishermen would have been tested by what ron ingraham went through after setting off around last thanksgiving solo from the hawaiian island of molokai . son vindicated as father rescued after 12 days at sea . after bad weather hit , ron ingraham told cnn affiliate khnl/kgmb that his 25-foot sailboat went `` backwards all night long . '' at one point , a huge wave struck -- pushing his mast into the water and him as well . the 67-year-old used a rope to pull himself back in . but his boat could n't be rescued so easily , leaving him at the mercy of the current . a distress call went out , prompting a search that would cover 12,000 square miles . when a coast guard official told him the search was being called off december 1 , zakary ingraham responded , `` i do n't feel like he 's dead . i do n't feel it . '' he was right . twelve days after that first distress call , ron ingraham was picked up about 64 miles  103 kilometers  south of honolulu `` weak , hungry and dehydrated '' and -- most importantly -- alive . the veteran fisherman headed back to shore only after getting assurances his damaged boat would come with him . in february 2012 , two friends asked 18-year-old adrian vasquez whether he wanted to tag along on an overnight fishing expedition . he said yes , and the three set off from the panama town of san carlos on a small boat , vasquez 's mother , nilsa de la cruz , recalled . things started out well , by all accounts . the three caught plenty of fish . then , their boat 's engine died without warning . and , with no tools and scant navigational experience , the trio did n't know what to do , according to vasquez 's mother . mother calls panama teen 's return ' a miracle ' vazquez ate raw fish and drank rainwater as currents swept his boat , the fifty cents , further and further from the coast and into the pacific ocean . somewhere along the way , his two companions died . it 's not clear exactly how , with ecuadorian rear . adm. freddy garcia calle saying vasquez threw their bodies into the sea `` because they had become badly decomposed . '' some 26 days after and nearly 600 miles away from where the journey began , fishermen spotted the tiny vessel north of the galapagos islands . the ecuadorian navy came in and picked up the teenage survivor , who 'd lost 20 pounds and showed `` severe signs of dehydration and lack of nutrition , '' according to calle . he returned home to loved ones eager to embrace him , but mindful of giving him time to process the ordeal . `` for us , this is an opportunity to get closer as a family , '' his mother said by phone , `` to be more understanding and loving . '' sometimes one does n't have to be in the ocean for weeks to have his or her life imperiled . sometimes people do n't have to set off by boat to have the sea challenge them to the end . for proof , look no further than hiromitsu shinkawa . 60-year-old man waves red flag to alert rescuers . he was at home on march 11 , 2011 , when a massive 9.0 magnitude earthquake struck 231 miles northeast of tokyo . a devastating tsunami followed , its 30-foot waves ravaging cities and towns and damaging several nuclear reactors . by the time it had run the course , nearly 16,000 people were dead . it 's a miracle shinkawa was n't one of them . shortly after the quake , he and his wife had gone to collect some belongings when the tsunami slammed their hometown of minamisoma . his home was one of the tens of thousands destroyed by the the huge , powerful tsunami wave . `` i was saved by holding onto the roof , '' the 60-year-old said , according to kyodo news agency . `` but my wife was swept away . ' more than two days later , video showed shinkawa barely visible amid heaps of splintered wood , shattered homes and other debris floating more than nine miles  15 kilometers  out to sea . he was waving a self-made red flag . after being spotted by crew aboard a japanese maritime self-defense force destroyer and picked up in a smaller rescue boat , he took a drink offered to him and burst into tears , kyodo reported . shinkawa told his rescuers , `` i thought today was the last day of my life . ''
 since iran 's islamic revolution in 1979 , women have been barred from attending most sports events involving men . but the situation appears set to improve in the coming months after a top iranian sports official said that the ban will be lifted for some events . a plan to allow `` women and families '' to enter sports stadiums will come into effect in the next year , deputy sports minister abdolhamid ahmadi said saturday , according to state-run media . but it is n't clear exactly which games women will be able to attend . according to the state-run press tv , ahmadi said the restrictions would be lifted for indoor sports events . the rules wo n't change for all matches because some sports are mainly related to men and `` families are not interested in attending '' them , press tv cited him as saying . iranian authorities imposed the ban on women attending men 's sports events after the revolution , deeming that mixed crowds watching games together was un-islamic . during the ensuing decades , the crowds at soccer games , iran 's most popular sport , have been all male . iranian women were briefly permitted to attend volleyball matches under the moderate president mohammad khatami , but the ban was reinstated in 2005 after the more hard-line mahmoud ahmadinejad came to power . the iranian government has come under pressure from international sports officials over the restrictions . fifa president sepp blatter called on iran last month to end its `` intolerable '' ban on women attending soccer matches , saying the situation `` can not continue . '' iran had been in the running to host the 2019 edition of soccer 's asian cup , but the tournament was awarded to the united arab emirates . the ban on women attending matches was widely seen as a major impediment to iran 's chances of securing the event . the ban came under the spotlight at the asian cup in australia earlier this year , when thousands of female iranian fans watched their soccer team without restriction . during the match against iraq , activists called for the ban to end and unfurled a banner showing the face of ghoncheh ghavami , a british-iranian woman detained in iran last year while trying to watch a volleyball match . iranian officials have denied that ghavami was arrested for attending the volleyball game , saying she was taken into custody for `` anti-iran activities . '' the news agency reuters reported that she was recently pardoned by the court of appeal . cnn 's annie ramos contributed to this report .
 israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu criticized the deal six world powers struck to thwart iran 's nuclear ambitions , saying he sees better options than `` this bad deal or war . '' `` i think there 's a third alternative , and that is standing firm , ratcheting up the pressure until you get a better deal , '' netanyahu told cnn 's jim acosta sunday on `` state of the union . '' his comments come as democrats and republicans spar over the framework announced last week to lift western sanctions on iran in exchange for the country dropping from 19,000 to 5,060 active centrifuges , limiting its highly enriched uranium , and increasing inspections . president barack obama endorsed the deal , saying it was better than the alternatives . but gop contenders for the party 's 2016 presidential nomination lambasted it , saying it gave iran too much flexibility . on sunday , the sparring continued . one senate democrat said netanyahu needs to `` contain himself . '' and a top republican said almost any of obama 's successors as president `` could do better . '' netanyahu 's most recent argument against the iran nuclear deal was similar to the one he 'd made in a march trip to washington , when he addressed a joint session of congress -- fueling a republican push to have the deal sent to congress before it 's implemented . `` it does not roll back iran 's nuclear program . it keeps a vast nuclear infrastructure in place . not a single centrifuge is destroyed . not a single nuclear facility is shut down , including the underground facilities that they built illicitly . thousands of centrifuges will keep spinning , enriching uranium , '' netanyahu said sunday . `` that 's a very bad deal . '' netanyahu said iran is a country of `` congenital cheating '' and that it ca n't be trusted to abide by the terms of the deal , which lasts 10 years with some provisions extending well beyond that . he said his opposition has little to do with his frosty relationship with obama . `` i think that we can have a legitimate difference of opinion on this , because i think iran has shown to be completely distrustful , '' netanyahu said . democratic sen. dianne feinstein of california , meanwhile , said she wishes netanyahu `` would contain himself . '' the top-ranking democrat on the senate intelligence committee said negotiators working on the deal -- from iran and the united states , as well as russia , china , britain , france and germany -- are `` on the cusp of something that can be workable . '' `` it 's a framework . it has to be wrapped into a final agreement . there still can be some changes , '' feinstein said . `` but i do n't think it 's helpful for israel to come out and oppose this one opportunity to change a major dynamic -- which is downhill , a downhill dynamic in this part of the world . '' energy secretary ernest moniz defended the deal in an appearance on cbs ' `` face the nation '' on sunday , saying it would extend from two months to one year the `` breakout '' time period -- the length of time it would take iran to build a nuclear bomb . he said it also allows for the `` almost instantaneous recognition of any attempt to evade the deal . '' `` we have blocked all of these pathways to a bomb , '' he said . sen. lindsey graham , r-south carolina , said on `` face the nation '' that the best option for the united states is to keep current sanctions in place for two more years and then have a `` new crack at it with a new president that does n't have the baggage of obama . '' and he said the alternatives to obama on both sides -- with the exception of sen. rand paul of kentucky , who 's called for a less active u.s. role overseas -- would likely strike a better deal . `` hillary clinton would do better . i think everybody on our side , except , maybe , rand paul , could do better , '' graham said .
 a trip to a former heavyweight champ 's gaudy , abandoned mansion . the tallest and fastest `` giga-coaster '' in the world . a dramatic interview with a famed spiritual leader -- and the tearful reaction by one of his former students . these are some of the best videos of the week : . in the 1980s and '90s -- before he moved to vegas and started keeping tigers as pets -- former heavyweight boxer mike tyson lived in a southington , ohio , mansion . the home featured an indoor swimming pool , a marble-and-gold jacuzzi  with mirrored ceiling , naturally  and an entertainment room large enough for small concerts . tyson sold the house in 1999 ; it 's due to become , of all things , a church . the video can be seen at the top of this story . not a fan of roller coasters ? you may want to skip the next video -- but for the rest of us , the thrill of watching is the next best thing to being there . the fury 325 can be found at carowinds amusement part in charlotte , north carolina . watch the video : . in a cnn exclusive , alisyn camerota looked into allegations that bikram yoga creator bikram choudhury sexually assaulted six former students . `` he 's a person who 's based a lot of truths on a lot of lies , '' said sarah baughn , who alleges that choudhury sexually assaulted her . watch the video : . cnn 's karl penhaul spoke to a shepherd who witnessed the final seconds of germanwings flight 9525 , which crashed in the french alps last week . `` i saw the plane heading down along the valley and i said , ` my god , it 's going to hit the mountain , ' '' jean varrieras told penhaul . `` i ducked my head . ... then after that , i saw the smoke . '' watch the video : . magician and comedian penn jillette was part of a panel speaking to cnn 's don lemon about the controversial indiana religious freedom law . jillette , an avowed atheist and libertarian , noted `` we are not talking about forcing people to engage in gay sex , or even endorse gay sex . '' his provocative opening led to an energetic back-and-forth with the alliance defending freedom 's kristen waggoner and the aclu 's rita sklar . watch the video : . a professor of physics at a british university asked 100 people to create a composite with facial features they thought were beautiful -- and then asked another 100 to rate their attractiveness . you 'll never guess what celebrities best fit the model . watch the video : .
 easter is a cornerstone event in the christian faith , but it 's surrounded by interesting quirks . it celebrates the completion of christ 's mission of salvation in the crucifixion and resurrection . by dying on good friday , christ atoned for the sins of others ; by rising from the grave on sunday , christ conquered death . simple enough and reason for christians to celebrate . but , like christmas with its tree , ornaments and santa claus , easter has picked up its peripheral trappings -- the bunny and colorful eggs . unlike christmas , it does n't fall on the same day every year but shifts around in spring depending upon cosmic events . and that blood moon we just had -- is it pure coincidence that it fell around easter ?  no .  . here 's a journey from the vatican to the holy land , around the moon and the earth 's tilting axis , to germany and the united states to try to explain the complex holiday called easter . and you 'll learn to how to color easter eggs with kool-aid . let 's start at the vatican . at the vatican , holy week began with palm sunday last week and culminated in easter sunday mass with multiple celebrations in between to mark the final week of christ 's mortal life . jesus rode on the back of a donkey into jerusalem on palm sunday where crowds celebrated him as the messiah and laid down palm branches in his path . but the crowd and the romans turned on him in the course of the week , according to the bible , leading to his crucifixion and resurrection . rain sprinkled down on worshipers standing under a sea of umbrellas as they gathered in a gray st. peter 's square on sunday to partake in the outdoor services held by pope francis . afterward , the pontiff took a moment to tell the world to do right those in need in his urbi et orbi address . francis lamented the suffering of people in many of the conflicts around the globe . from nigeria to south sudan , iraq to ukraine , he expressed hope that violence would end . francis also does n't put on airs . this week he washed the feet of believers , repeating the biblical account of a woman , a sinner , washing jesus ' feet and anointing them with oil . let 's move on to old jerusalem , the birthplace of easter . the church of the holy sepulcher in old jerusalem unifies the spot where christ was crucified -- calvary -- with his tomb , or sepulcher . on sunday , catholics and armenian christians celebrated the resurrection there . in the morning , the latin patriarch , the archbishop of jerusalem , entered the basilica . then mass was held followed by a procession . but a large group of indigenous christians did n't join them . it 's not quite easter yet in the holy land for eastern orthodox christians . they 'll be celebrating a week from now , because they determine easter 's date by a different calendar than western christians -- the julian calendar . which brings us to the question of how astronomy is used to determine the date of easter sunday . a blood moon appeared in the sky early saturday , right between good friday and easter sunday and during passover . just a coincidence ? not completely , because the dates for both passover -- the jewish holiday celebrating the deliverance from slavery in egypt -- and easter are determined by moon phases , according to timeanddate.com . easter 's timing is related to passover , because jesus was crucified around then , according to the bible . many jewish holidays , including passover , fall on full moon , which is also a prerequisite for a lunar eclipse , the event that turns the moon a blood red color . since the timing of moon phases does n't jibe with earth 's orbit -- which is how we determine the length of a year now -- passover 's exact date moves around -- and so does easter 's . when christian bishops first convened at the council of nicaea in the year 325 , they made a rule to determine the date of easter , so as to fairly reliably pin it to passover : . it would fall on the first sunday after the first full moon following the vernal equinox . that 's the day in march when earth 's axis reaches a midpoint between winter and summer and the day and night are of equal length . but ... if the full moon fell on sunday , easter would be pushed down a week . confusing ? it got worse . when the west moved from the julian calendar to the gregorian calendar , orthodox christians stayed put , resulting in -- usually -- two separate dates for easter . in 1997 , the world council of churches pushed for a unified method of determining a date based on astronomical occurrences . it did n't catch on . but some odd easter trappings that popped up after the middle ages very much have -- the eggs and the bunny . the bunny is an egg-laying pagan that worships the moon . that 's one notion of its origins , but probably not the actual one . german immigrants appear to have brought it to north america in the 1700s . german historians are not clear on its beginnings , but the first known mention of the bunny and the eggs in writing was in 1682 . professor of medicine georg franck von frankenau described in his paper `` de ovis paschalibus , '' or `` on easter eggs , '' a custom in the alsace region involving a bunny and eggs , according to german public television . some also credit the region with inadvertently inventing the christmas tree . but von frankenau left out any explanation of how the tradition arose , leading to a number of theories in germany . one common idea : during lent , people had to abstain from eating eggs , but hens kept on laying them , so farmers boiled and preserved them . by the time easter rolled around , they were practically swimming in them . they had to figure out something to do with them when the holiday hit . play hide and seek with them ; color them ; give them as gifts . parents may have invented the bunny as a playful explanation for children on where the easter eggs came from . if you 're coloring eggs this year , here 's an interesting tip . instead of stinking up your place with the smell of vinegar , use kool-aid , youtube science geek grant thompson suggests . and it appears to work . just use a whole packet in a small glass of hot water and gently lay the eggs in . they turn out as bright as they would in any other food dye . but be careful , it stains everything else , like clothes and upholstery , thompson warns . that 's why your tongue changes colors when you drink it . happy easter ! happy passover !
 police in the indian city of malegaon , in the western state of maharashtra , are requiring identity cards for an unusual group of residents : cattle . following a recent state-wide ban on the sale and consumption of beef , authorities in the city have asked residents to take a ` mugshot ' of their cattle and submit it to the police . along with the photograph , the residents have to give information about their animal 's ` unique features , ' such as the coloring and age of the cow , along with the length of its tail and other distinctive characteristics . police officials believe this is the only way to solve cow slaughter cases and enforce the law . cows are considered holy and revered by that state 's majority hindu population . `` we are creating a database . if we get an information of a cow slaughter , we can quickly go to the resident 's place and check whether it is there or not '' , mahesh sawai , deputy superintendent of malegaon police told cnn . `` i believe this will be very effective '' so far over 100 owners have complied with the police order and more are lining up outside police stations across the city to get their livestock photographed . the ruling came in the wake of a recent case of cow slaughter in malegaon , where two men have been charged for killing the animal and and selling its meat . the maharashtra animal preservation bill now includes bans on the killing of bulls and bullocks in its list of non-bailable offenses . even the consumption or sale of beef could now land you in prison for five years . the slaughter of buffaloes , however , is still permissible . however , beef traders in the country strongly reacted to the decision and called a month-long strike , which ended wednesday . the traders refused to even slaughter buffaloes and deprive the state of all bovine meat . they have now vowed to file a case in the state 's high court . red meat lovers were n't too delighted either , arguing the government does n't have a right to interfere in an individual 's personal preference . maharashtra is not the only indian state to tighten its laws on cow slaughter . haryana state has implemented a maximum punishment of 10 years in prison , the toughest penalty in the country . rajnath singh , india 's home minister has promised that he would do all to devise a country-wide law against cow slaughter .
 the fbi charged a philadelphia woman on thursday with trying to travel overseas to fight for isis . she 's one of three women arrested this week on terror charges . two new york women were also taken into custody . an fbi complaint cites numerous social media messages dating back to august 2013 that were sent by keonna thomas , 30 , also known as `` young lioness '' and `` fatayat al khilafah . '' one twitter message said , `` if we truly knew the realities ... we all would be rushing to join our brothers in the front lines pray allah accept us as shuhada -lsb- martyrs -rsb- . '' another said , `` when you 're a mujahid -lsb- violent jihadi fighter -rsb- your death becomes a wedding . '' the fbi said thomas purchased an electronic visa to turkey on march 23 . turkey is known as the easiest place from which to enter syria and join isis . an isis manual advises recruits to buy round-trip tickets to vacation spots such as spain and then purchase tickets for their real destination once they arrive overseas , the fbi said . on march 26 , thomas purchased a ticket to barcelona , with a march 29 departure and an april 15 return to the united states , the complaint said . it 's not clear when or where she was arrested . she was charged with knowingly attempting to provide material support and resources to a designated foreign terrorist organization . she could be sentenced to 15 years in prison . on thursday , noelle velentzas , 28 , and her former roommate , asia siddiqui , 31 , were arrested in new york and accused of planning to build an explosive device for attacks in the united states , federal prosecutors said . in the past 18 months , the justice department 's national security division has prosecuted or is prosecuting more than 30 cases of people attempting to travel abroad to join or provide support to terrorist groups . of those cases , 18 allegedly involve support to isis . `` the terrorist threat is more decentralized , more diffuse , more complicated , '' homeland security secretary jeh johnson told reporters thursday . `` it involves the potential lone wolf actor , it involves the effective use of social media , the internet . ''
 just as mimeograph machines and photocopiers were in their day , online activity -- blogs , youtube channels , even social media platforms like facebook and twitter -- have fully emerged as the alternative to traditional mainstream media . it is not just the low cost of posting online that attracts dissidence , though that in itself is liberating . it is the lack of access to traditional print and broadcast media in authoritarian countries that is really the driving force leading disaffected voices to post online . it is not unique to asia , but it might seem more pronounced if you live there . going online has become the path of least resistance if you want to make yourself heard . but it still brings resistance , some of it legal , some of it deadly . let 's look at the legal angle first . amos yee , the teenage video blogger who was arrested and held pending bail sunday in singapore , drew international attention for his anti-lee kuan yew harangue . but jailing critics is not usually the government 's first choice in singapore . it is part of lee kuan yew 's legacy that the government 's use of the courts to bring libel and defamation cases , usually carrying heavy financial penalties , is the preferred method of silencing discomfiting online voices . his father has reportedly apologized for his son 's behavior , but the younger yee could face up to three years in jail . yee is not unique . another dissident blogger in singapore , roy ngerng , continues to suffer financial and legal pressure , including the loss of his job , because of a blog post that allegedly accused the city-state 's prime minister , lee hsien loong , of corruption . ngerng 's concern is with the lack of transparency in the management of the central provident fund , the government 's compulsory pension program . yee and ngerng are two of many . the committee to protect journalists ' file on singapore going back to 2000 has a long string of similar cases , some against politicians , others against citizens simply frustrated with their government . but it is not just singapore where internet activity comes under fire : on monday in malaysia , with much less of the international attention heaped on amos yee , five editors and executives from the malaysian insider were arrested over the site 's march 25 report claiming that a senior council of royal rulers and state governors , known as the conference of rulers , had rejected a proposal to amend federal law to allow for the introduction of hudud , or punishments meted out under islamic law . in deeply muslim malaysia , questions of islamic faith are a third-rail issue , as is revealing government decisions before they are announced . by far the biggest jailer of journalists in the world is china , where a majority of the 44 people behind bars at the end of 2014 were bloggers , most of them uighur or tibetan activists who straddle the line between journalism and activism . but in second place in asia is vietnam , where cpj 's most recent prison census showed vietnam holding 16 reporters behind bars as of december 1 . add one more in late december , nguyen dinh ngoc , a prominent blogger who was arrested for `` law-violating '' after police searched his home in southern ho chi minh city on december 27 , and two more in january , nguyen quang lap and hong le tho , arrested on anti-state charges of `` abusing democratic freedoms '' and you can see the pattern . because the print and broadcast media are so totally government controlled , mainstream journalists seldom go to jail any more in vietnam . only two investigative print reporters remain behind bars in vietnam , their cases dating back to 2012 and 2013 . both were accused of accepting bribes for dialing back critical news coverage . the list could go on , but the reality is that , as cpj wrote in 2013 , across asia `` governments have curtailed internet freedoms through increasingly restrictive practices , including prohibitive laws , heightened surveillance and censorship , and threats of imprisonment on various national security-related offenses . '' that is still the policy path being followed by most countries in asia , and it does not look like it will be changing any time soon . jailing journalists is one thing , but watching them being killed and doing little or nothing about it is another . since 1992 , 11 % of journalists killed have died for their work online . because our 1992 start date really precedes the full advent of the internet , that proportion can be expected to grow . while most bloggers have not been the targets of murderers , bangladesh has recently become the exception . on monday , washiqur rahman babu was the second blogger to be hacked to death in public in bangladesh in the past five weeks . blogger avijit roy and his wife , rafida ahmed bonna , were attacked by assailants wielding sharp weapons while the couple was visiting dhaka . roy , a u.s. citizen of bangladeshi origin , was killed and his wife was critically injured . both rahman and roy had written critically on islamic matters . the blogger death toll gets higher in bangladesh if you go back a year or two , and religious beliefs are always involved , and the killings almost always carried out with near perfect impunity . in january 2013 , blogger asif mohiuddin , who wrote critical commentary on religion , islamist groups , free speech , and human rights , barely survived after he was stabbed by islamists . in february 2013 , blogger ahmed rajib haider , who had written about islamic fundamentalism and islamist groups , was hacked to death by members of an islamist militant group , according to police investigations . later in 2013 , islamist groups called for the execution of bloggers they said had committed blasphemy . while arrests were made after those murders , there have been no convictions . the bottom line : online journalists , operating outside the restraints of mainstream media , have become the most vulnerable targets for governments and independent actors . where there is the restrictive rule of law , journalists are vulnerable to the anger of officialdom . where the rule of law is weak , they are vulnerable to the attacks of killers who seldom , if ever , answer to the rule of law .
 robert lewis burns jr. , the original drummer in southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd , died friday night in a car crash , a georgia state patrol spokesman said . burns , 64 , died after his car hit a mailbox and a tree in cartersville , spokesman james tallent said . no other cars were involved in the crash , which occurred shortly before midnight . `` he was not restrained at the time of the crash , '' tallent told cnn . the musician lived in northern georgia . burns was part of the genre-defining band 's original lineup , which formed in jacksonville , florida , in 1965 . lead singer ronnie van zant started noble five with burns , guitarists gary rossington and allen collins and bassist larry junstrom in their hometown . it then made a name change in a reference to a high school gym teacher . lynyrd skynyrd changed members over the years as it produced rock anthems including `` sweet home alabama '' and `` freebird . '' burns left the band before its third studio album , `` nuthin fancy , '' in 1975 , `` exhausted by touring , '' according to the band 's rock and roll hall of fame biography . he was not involved in the 1977 plane crash that killed three members , including van zant . the band was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 2006 . lynyrd skynyrd still tours with rossington , the only original member still in the band . `` today i 'm at a loss for words but i just remember bob being a funny guy , '' rossington said on the band 's official facebook page . `` my heart goes out to his family and god bless him and them in this sad time . he was a great great drummer . '' people we 've lost in 2015 .
 it was a scene worthy of any top cop show on tv -- bullets flying , banged-up cars and the fbi chasing an armed robbery suspect . in the end , two agents were injured in a crash and the suspect was shot before being captured . fbi agents and task force officers were following 36-year-old kevone charleston of austell , georgia , as he pulled into a cvs pharmacy in forsyth county , georgia , early saturday . charleston is suspected of involvement in 32 commercial robberies dating to november 2013 , according to fbi officials . `` the incident all happened around 7 o'clock saturday morning , '' said fbi special agent stephen emmett . `` there were multiple agents and officers that were following him based on his prior mo , and when they saw he was about to rob another cvs , they moved in . '' authorities say charleston parked his vehicle nearby and then popped the hood as if there were something wrong . then he walked to the cvs , preparing to enter . when agents confronted him , charleston ran , got in his car and traveled about 75 yards as agents opened fire . `` there were several fbi vehicles that were rammed or were hit by the suspect 's vehicle when he was trying to flee . one government vehicle sustained heavy damage to its front and side , and another government suv ended up on its side . that 's how the two agents sustained their injuries , '' emmett said . twelve fbi agents and six government vehicles followed charleston . emmett said charleston `` was trying to get away , our agents were trying to stop him . he collided with the first government vehicle , the taurus , then the second , and the suv ended on its side . `` the perp was stopped 8 feet away in the median , and that 's where he received his gunshot wounds . '' the two agents were treated at an area hospital and released , according to emmett , who says `` they are fine . '' charleston was shot and wounded by fbi agents and task force officers , but his injuries are not life threatening , according to forsyth county sheriff 's deputy robin regan . although he declined to give details of the 32 previous robberies , emmett said it was an intensive investigation that was already underway as a priority for the fbi 's violent crimes and major offender squad . he added , `` his mo involved armed confrontations , so our officers went into this fully prepared for an armed confrontation based on his past history . '' emmett says he 's relieved that the fbi 's officers and agents are ok and that the suspect is in custody . he said it was the `` conclusion of an intensive and lengthy investigation . '' cnn 's vivian kuo and ryan scallan contributed to this report .
 after years of making the case that the education of athletes is paramount , the ncaa now says it has no legal responsibility to make sure education is actually delivered . on its website , the ncaa prominently states , `` it 's our commitment -- and our responsibility -- to give young people opportunities to learn , play and succeed . '' and later , it says that `` in the collegiate model of sports , the young men and women competing on the field or court are students first , athletes second . '' but the ncaa is taking a very different position in response to a lawsuit filed by former university of north carolina athletes . the lawsuit claimed the students did n't get an education because they were caught up in the largest known academic fraud scandal in ncaa history . in its response , the ncaa says it has no legal responsibility `` to ensure the academic integrity of the courses offered to student-athletes at its member institutions . '' even with pages of online information about academic standards , and even though the ncaa has established a system of academic eligibility and accountability that it boasts of regularly , ncaa attorneys wrote in this court filing that `` the ncaa did not assume a duty to ensure the quality of the education of student-athletes , '' and `` the ncaa does not have ` direct , day-to-day , operational control ' '' over member institutions like unc . `` it 's nonsense . it 's double talk , '' said gerald gurney , a former athletic-academic director who is now president of the drake group for academic integrity in collegiate sport . `` if you look at their basic core principles , it 's all about academics , the experience , the integration of academics , and the education of the student is paramount , '' gurney said . `` they seem to talk out of both sides of their mouths . '' the ncaa referred calls for comment to an online statement , which read in part : . the ncaa believes that the lawsuit misunderstands the ncaa 's role with respect to its member schools and ignores the myriad steps the ncaa has taken to assist student-athletes in being equipped to excel both in the classroom and on the playing field . `` this case is troubling for a number of reasons , not the least of which is that the law does not and has never required the ncaa to ensure that every student-athlete is actually taking full advantage of the academic and athletic opportunities provided to them , '' said donald remy , ncaa chief legal officer . in its response to the lawsuit , it also likened its role to that of the american bar association or american medical association , and said that those entities are not sued every time a lawyer or doctor acts inappropriately . the scandal at unc involved thousands of athletes who , over 18 years , were funneled into classes that never met , where advisers fudged grades and accepted plagiarism so that athletes who were falling behind in class could remain eligible to play sports . mary willingham , the unc whistleblower turned ncaa critic , has for years said that athletes across the country are accepted to colleges even though they 're academically underprepared and then pushed into classes where little work is required . the system of eligibility that the ncaa brags about , she says , is a sham . `` why do we go through the trouble of compliance if we ca n't legitimize that the courses are real and the education is real anyway ? it makes no sense , '' said willingham , who recently wrote a book about the unc scandal called `` cheated . '' `` if they ca n't legitimize that the academics are real and take no responsibility for that , then why certify students semester after semester to play ? it 's lost its meaning for me . '' the ncaa 's claim that it 's hands-off when it comes to athletics seems to be a direct contradiction of what the organization has been repeating for years , not just in the rhetoric on its website , but in speeches by its president , mark emmert , and in court defending itself from numerous lawsuits over paying athletes . for example , before it lost a case filed by former ucla player ed o'bannon , suing for the right of athletes to make money off their images and likenesses , the ncaa stood on the pillar of amateurism , insisting that college athletes are paid with an education . that 's the defense the ncaa is now using in another class action filed by big-time sports attorney jeffrey kessler , seeking to make college sports a free market where athletes are paid salaries based on their value . in response , the ncaa said that what sets college sports apart from pros is education : consistent with `` its commitment to amateurism , member institutions conduct their athletics programs for students who choose to participate in intercollegiate athletics as a part of their educational experience and in accordance with ncaa bylaws . '' attorney michael hausfeld , who represented both o'bannon and now the unc athletes , said this : . `` this startling inconsistency is unfortunately all too symptomatic of the ncaa 's shifting rhetoric and faltering commitment to its college athletes . ncaa president mark emmert has repeatedly proposed that ` what we live for is the education of our athletes , ' but the ncaa 's record tells a far different story . '' but rick burton , professor of sport management at syracuse university , said it 's not realistic to think that the ncaa would regulate every professor and every course an athlete might take at each university across the country . `` i understand , i think , where the ncaa is coming from . we would not let the ncaa come in and tell us how to run our chemistry department at syracuse university , '' he said . `` it sounds like someone is trying to say the ncaa should have been supervising that department at the university of north carolina , and there 's no logic to that , '' he said . `` the people who are saying the ncaa should be held accountable for academics at every school are just looking for an opportunity to throw rocks at the ncaa . '' unc , which was also sued , has admitted to the fraud , but also asked for a judge to throw out the case , saying the athletes waited too long -- seven years -- to sue and the `` educational malpractice '' theory does n't apply . unc claims it is protected by state law . this is reminiscent of another ncaa reversal . the ncaa , which was founded a century ago to protect athletes from `` dangerous and exploitive athletic practices , '' now says it does not enforce health and safety rules . in fact , in response to a lawsuit filed by the family of a player who died in 2011 , the ncaa wrote : `` the ncaa denies that it has a legal duty to protect student-athletes . '' a cnn investigation found that the ncaa has failed to open investigations in several cases where safety rules allegedly were broken . it has also fallen behind in imposing rules for concussions -- far behind even the nfl . ramogi huma , president of the national college players association , and a leading thorn in the ncaa 's side for decades , said this latest backpedaling from the ncaa leaves him wondering why the organization exists at all . `` there 's nothing left the ncaa can claim it does that is beneficial to college athletes or society . one has to wonder what does the ncaa do if it does n't protect players ? if it does n't play a role in the education of college athletics ? it begs the question of why does the ncaa exist -- and why does it have a tax exemption . ''
 the world 's biggest and most powerful physics experiment is taking place as you read this . the large hadron collider  lhc  , a particle accelerator and the largest machine in the world , is ready for action following a two-year shutdown . after problems that delayed the restart in march , scientists at the european organization for nuclear research  cern  completed final tests , enabling the first beams to start circulating sunday inside the lhc 's 17 mile  27 km  ring . `` operating accelerators for the benefit of the physics community is what cern 's here for , '' cern director-general rolf heuer said on the organization 's website . `` today , cern 's heart beats once more to the rhythm of the lhc . '' the lhc generates up to 600 million particles per second , with a beam circulating for 10 hours , traveling more than 6 billion miles  more than 10 billion kilometers  -- the distance from earth to neptune and back again . at near light-speed , a proton in the lhc makes 11,245 circuits per second . it took thousands of scientists , engineers and technicians decades to devise and build the particle accelerator , housed in a tunnel between lake geneva and the jura mountain range . the purpose of the lengthy project is to recreate the conditions that existed moments after the `` big bang '' -- the scientific theory said to explain the creation of the universe . by replicating the energy density and temperature , scientists hope to uncover how the universe evolved . our current , limited , knowledge is based on what 's called the standard model of particle physics . `` but we know that this model is not complete , '' dr. mike lamont , operations group leader at the lhc , told cnn in march . the burning questions that remain include the origin of mass and why some particles are very heavy , while others have no mass at all ; a unified description of all the fundamental forces such as gravity ; and uncovering dark matter and dark energy , since visible matter accounts for only 4 percent of the universe . the lhc could also question the idea that the universe is only made of matter , despite the theory that antimatter must have been produced in the same amounts at the time of the big bang . cern says the energies achievable by the lhc have only ever been found in nature . the machine alone costs approximately three billion euros  about $ 3.3 billion  , paid for by member countries of cern and contributions by non-member nations . the organization also asserts that its guidelines for the protection of the environment and personnel comply with standards set by swiss and french laws and a european council directive . scientists and physics enthusiasts will be waiting with bated breath as the lhc ventures into the great unknown . `` after two years of effort , the lhc is in great shape , '' said cern director for accelerators and technology , frédérick bordry . `` but the most important step is still to come when we increase the energy of the beams to new record levels . '' peter shadbolt contributed to this report .
 residents of central sanaa , the yemeni capital , have learned the hard way that key strategic bombing targets are located in their neighborhoods : detonating ordnance has been shattering their windows and doors . and fighting has killed hundreds of people in less than two weeks . the saudi-led coalition smashed parts of yemen 's defense ministry central command in the capital over the weekend , senior yemeni officials said . under the rain of coalition bombs , the houthis , who are shiites in a majority sunni country , still control sanaa . but the airstrikes have hurt them and destroyed a lot of infrastructure . the electricity has gone out on 16 million yemenis living in houthi-held areas , the yemeni officials said . many fear they will lose access to clean water as well . yemen 's deposed president abdu rabu mansour hadi heaped scorn on top of the airstrikes . he fired his former army chief of staff , hussein khairan , on sunday . the firing had no practical effect , since khairan had switched sides weeks ago and is the houthi rebels ' acting defense minister . hadi is holed up in saudi arabia , which is working to defeat his enemies and reinstall him . fighting has ended dozens of lives each day . on monday , more than 50 people died in the port city of aden alone , where houthis and their allies are battling troops loyal to hadi on the ground , agence france-press reported . since the bombing campaign and intense fighting began just over a week ago , some 600 people are estimated to have been killed . many more have been wounded , and tens of thousands have fled the country . the international committee of the red cross has cried out for a humanitarian ceasefire to let aid in . `` otherwise , put starkly , many more people will die . for the wounded , their chances of survival depend on action within hours , not days , '' said robert mardini , the icrc 's head of operations in the near and middle east . `` medical supplies need to be here yesterday , '' said icrc spokeswoman marie-claire feghali from sanaa . `` we need to save the lives that can be saved . '' saudi arabia signed off on letting the icrc into yemen via two aircraft -- one with medical supplies , the other with workers . but flying in will be hard , since most airlines have canceled their flights , and airstrikes have taken out many airfields . on monday , the flight loaded with 48 tons of medical supplies was grounded in djibouti , feghali said . the icrc is hoping to fly out in a day or two . following the icrc 's call , on saturday the u.n. security council discussed the humanitarian situation at russia 's behest . moscow submitted a draft resolution calling for a halt to the airstrikes by the nine-country regional coalition . the meeting adjourned with no decision announced . one diplomat said the draft was missing key elements . it did n't call for the houthis to stop fighting or for political talks between the belligerents , the diplomat told cnn on condition of anonymity . yemen has been descending into chaos in the weeks since houthi rebels -- who have long complained of being marginalized in the majority sunni country -- forced hadi from power . the houthis put hadi under house arrest when they overtook sanaa in january . but hadi escaped in february , fled to aden and declared himself to still be president . houthis and their allies , including those loyal to hadi 's predecessor , then fought hadi 's forces in the aden area . hadi fled aden in late march , ultimately for saudi arabia , when the rebels and their military allies advanced on the city . the conflict prompted saudi arabia , a predominately sunni nation and yemen 's northern neighbor , and other arab nations to intervene with force . the houthis are allied with iran , saudi arabia 's bitter rival across the persian gulf , and riyadh does not want an proxy of iran in power on its border . complicating matters in yemen is the fact that al qaeda in the arabian peninsula -- not the houthis or the forces loyal to hadi -- holds sway in the country 's east . aqap is considered one of the most ruthless branches of the terrorist organization . it has taken advantage of the chaos to overrun one city and break prisoners out of jail . hadi 's government had cooperated with the united states to fight aqap , but with the houthi takeover , that arrangement has evaporated , and the terror group operates generally unchecked .
 the united states has seemingly erupted this week about what it means to live your religion , especially in indiana , where its new religious freedom restoration act faces a firestorm from critics who say it uses faith as a pretext to discriminate against gay people . such state laws have been growing ever since the u.s. religious freedom restoration act became law in 1993 , designed to prohibit the federal government from `` substantially burdening '' a person 's exercise of religion . so far , 20 states have some version of the religious liberty law , and the legal controversies have grown , too . nonetheless , claims under those state rfras are `` exceedingly rare , '' and victories involved mostly religious minorities , not christian denominations , experts say . `` there is reason to doubt whether these state-level religious liberty provisions truly provide meaningful protections for religious believers , '' wrote wayne state university law professor christopher lund in a 2010 analysis , when there were only 16 states with such laws . here are some of the more interesting cases arising from the federal and state laws , touching upon an array of religious matters from a knife carried by an irs accountant to a tea from the amazon : . he was a native american with eagle feathers at a religious gathering of tribes . but not in the eyes of the feds . in 2006 , robert soto and michael russell attended an american indian powwow while in possession of eagle feathers , in violation of the federal eagle protection act , which outlaws the killing of bald and golden eagles and even picking their feathers off the ground . soto , a lipan apache , asserted he was participating in an indian religious ceremony . the feathers are sacred to native americans . but a federal fish and wildlife service agent found his tribe was n't federally recognized , and soto surrendered his feathers . russell , who is married to soto 's sister , is n't american indian and agreed to pay a fine , according to court papers and the america bar association journal . soto , however , petitioned the federal interior department to return his feathers . the feds said no , because he was n't from a recognized tribe . soto and russell sued the federal government , but a federal district court ruled in favor of the government , rejecting the two men 's first amendment assertions and their claims under the federal religious freedom restoration act , the same 1993 statute that indiana legislators used in developing their new state law . but last august , the 5th u.s. circuit court of appeals reversed the trial court 's decision and sent the case back to that court after finding the government 's action would violate the federal rfra . on march 10 , the federal government returned the eagle feathers to soto . but the legal war is n't over . the federal government still maintains it can criminally prosecute soto and his congregants , so soto is seeking a preliminary injunction , claiming the feds are violating the federal rfra , said luke goodrich , soto 's attorney who 's with the becket fund for religious liberty . a tea used by a brazilian faith is to them like wine used by catholics at communion , but u.s. agents considered the brew an illegal drug . the religious organization o centro espirita beneficiente uniao do vegetal uses a sacramental tea called hoasca , made from two plants native to the amazon that contains dimethyltryptamine , a hallucinogen , in violation of the controlled substances act . the religion is a christian spiritist faith that originated in brazil and includes amazonian and indigenous spiritual traditions . about 140 members of the church live in the united states and use the tea in a sacred communion . in may 1999 , u.s. customs agents entered the church headquarters in santa fe , new mexico , and seized all of its hoasca . the church became alarmed and cited how the federal government allows an exception for american indians to use another illegal drug , peyote , in their religious ceremonies . in fact , the federal rfra was designed partly to protect the native americans ' use of peyote , said cnn legal analyst jeffrey toobin . `` they were a legitimate religion , and this was a legitimate ritual of the religion , and congress wanted to make sure it was protected , '' toobin said of peyote and the 1993 law . the uniao do vegetal , which means `` the union of the plants , '' cited that federal law in suing the federal government . `` the government has never explained why it has accommodated the native american church 's use of peyote  which contains mescaline , also a controlled substance  but can not accommodate the udv 's use of hoasca , '' the church said in a statement . the u.s. supreme court ruled in the church 's favor , saying the federal government failed to show a compelling interest to ban the substance for religious use . `` the peyote exception also fatally undermines the government 's broader contention that the controlled substances act establishes a closed regulatory system that admits of no exceptions under rfra , '' the court ruling said . bruce rich , an orthodox jewish prisoner in florida , wanted kosher meals , but the warden said no . so rich sued the state prison system in 2010 , saying its denial of a kosher menu violated the religious land use and institutionalized persons act of 2000 , a landmark civil law rights law for inmates whose predecessor was the federal religious freedom law . rich , 66 , is serving a life sentence for murdering his parents , in their 70s , in 1995 allegedly to inherit their home . the prison system argued the meals were costly and would lead to security concerns , namely `` retaliation against the kosher inmates '' if other inmates believed the higher costs of kosher meals impacted the quality of their food , court papers said . at least 35 other states and the federal government , however , provided kosher diets to inmates . after losing before a magistrate , rich won an appeal before the 11th circuit court , which cited `` the defendant 's meager efforts to explain why florida 's prisons are so different from the penal institutions that now provide kosher meals such that the plans adopted by those other institutions would not work in florida . '' recently baptized in the sikh faith , kawal tagore went to her job with the irs in houston in 2005 carrying a new religious item : a 9-inch kirpan , a small ceremonial sword that resembles a knife but has an edge that is blunted or curved . tagore needed to carry the kirpan at all times as a mandatory article of faith . but the federal government banned her from the building , citing the kirpan as a `` dangerous weapon '' with a more than 3-inch blade , and she was later fired from her accounting job because she refused to keep the kirpan out of the workplace . tagore sued the government under the federal law . tagore cited how the government allowed the public to enter the federal building with more threatening objects : real 2.5-inch blade knives and metal canes , said her attorneys with the newar law firm and the becket fund . also , federal employees inside the building were allowed to use box cutters and cake knives . in november , the federal government agreed to settle the case shortly after the start of tagore 's trial . the settlement included no admission of wrongdoing , the christian science monitor reported . tagore 's attorneys described the settlement as `` a groundbreaking policy allowing sikhs and other religious minorities to wear religious symbols and attire in federal buildings , '' they said in a statement . invoking a religious freedom law and related statutes does n't always equate to victory . in chicago , an association of 40 churches called the civil liberties for urban believers found it too onerous to erect houses of worship in business and commercial zones . the ministers needed a special use permit , but such permits were often thwarted by aldermen or it was too bureaucratic and costly to obtain one , the church leaders claimed . in fact , it was easier to get a club , lodge or community center approved . so the pastors sued the city of chicago in 2000 , alleging that its zoning laws violated the illinois religious freedom statute , the federal religious land use and institutionalized persons act and the u.s. constitution . but in 2003 , the 7th circuit court of appeals upheld a lower court decision and rejected the church group 's claims , finding no substantial burden on the churches , which also failed to establish their rluipa claim . defeated , church leaders were angry . `` the forty  40  churches in c.l.u.b. and certainly people of all faiths throughout chicago are outraged by the majority opinion which neuters the religious land use and institutionalized persons act passed unanimously by congress in 2000 , '' apostle theodore wilkinson , the group 's chairman , said in a statement . `` also alarming is the court 's conclusion that chicago 's religious assemblies have no free speech protection from zoning laws . the majority opinion would apparently extend free speech protection to religious assemblies only if they allowed live nude dancing , '' he said . at the same time , the city of chicago revised its zoning ordinance to avoid `` the threat of heightened scrutiny under rluipa , '' according to a league of california cities report in 2002 . cnn 's alexandra meeks contributed to this report .
 the terrorist group al-shabaab has claimed an attack on garissa university college in eastern kenya , in which many people have been killed and still more taken hostage . the attack is another step in the ongoing escalation of the terrorist group 's activities , and a clear indicator that the security situation in east africa is deteriorating fast . somalia-based al-shabaab has been behind a string of recent attacks in kenya , the most well-known of them being the massacre at the westgate shopping centre in nairobi in 2013 . cross-border raids into kenya by the group , however , date back to 2011 . al-shabaab incursions triggered a military response by the government in nairobi , which sent troops to somalia as part of an african union mission in support of somalia 's internationally recognized government that had been under pressure from al-shabaab and other militants for several years . al-shabaab is predominantly driven by the same radical interpretation of the koran as al-qaeda and isis  also known as islamic state  , but also employs more opportunistic approaches to shoring up local support . its origins lie in al-ittihad al-islami  unity of islam  , one of several militant factions that emerged in the wake of the fall of siad barre in 1991 . these disparate groups fought each other and a u.n. peacekeeping mission in the somali civil war that led to the complete collapse of the country , from which it has yet to recover almost quarter of a century later . al-shabaab  literally `` the youth ''  split from unity of islam in 2003 and merged with another radical islamist group , the so-called islamic courts union . as their alliance obtained control of somalia 's capital mogadishu in 2006 , ethiopia , the only majority christian country in the region , took military action against the group . the offensive weakened al-shabaab and pushed it back into the rural areas of central and southern somalia , but it failed to defeat it . to the contrary , ethiopia 's invasion and occupation of parts of somalia -- although invited by the somali government and backed by the african union -- enabled al-shabaab to partially re-invent itself as both an islamist and nationalist force opposing a foreign `` christian '' invasion . initially , the group primarily attacked ethiopian forces , but soon began to `` expand '' its activities against the somali government as well . the first attack outside somalia was an attack in the ugandan capital of kampala in 2010 . soon after this , cross-border raids in kenya began , predominantly targeting christians there . increasing its links with al-qaeda , al-shabaab declared its full allegiance in 2012 -- and it is not clear whether it will switch allegiances to isis . much will depend on how the relationships between al-qaeda in the arabian peninsula  aqap  , a long-time ally of al-shabaab based in yemen , and isis develop . the key point is that al-shabaab 's attack in garissa is part of a broader regional context of instability fueled by a huge number of factors . it must not be interpreted simply as another act of garden-variety fundamentalist terrorism . clearly , the presence and activities of terrorist groups in the region is a major concern , and it is undoubtedly driven by radical and exclusivist interpretations of islam . but the entire region also suffers from a range of other problems : from economic development challenges to environmental degradation ; from organized crime to inter-tribal and inter-communal violence ; from corruption to serious deficits in human rights and good governance . these entrenched inequalities help al-shabaab appeal to a wide variety of potential recruits , who may sympathize with and actively support the group for any number of reasons . attacking a university in northern kenya and separating christian from muslim students epitomizes the way al-shabaab advances itself by exploiting religious , tribal and nationalist identities . ultimately , though , this all comes down to a struggle for control -- over people , over territory , and over resources . as long as the majority of people in the region remain excluded from any meaningful political , economic , and social participation in their societies -- which are dominated by primarily self-interested elites that put their own advance before that of their communities -- human lives matter little in the pursuit of selfish interests . it is important to counter al-shabaab directly , including by military means . but there wo n't be any lasting solution to the wider region 's security problems without a more comprehensive and concerted effort to address the deeper problems of exclusion suffered by the citizens of the countries challenged by al-shabaab . as garissa shows , these problems are still providing oxygen for nihilistic ideologies and their deadly fruit . copyright 2015 the conversation . some rights reserved .
 a connecticut teen who has been forced to have chemotherapy to treat hodgkin lymphoma will remain in temporary custody of the state for the time being , according to her attorney , josh michtom . a connecticut juvenile court judge issued a written decision wednesday denying a motion to let the teen , identified in court documents as `` cassandra c. , '' go home . the judge also denied a motion for visitation . the 17-year-old is in remission after nearly six months of forced chemo treatments . on march 16 , michtom tried to convince the court that she should be able to return to her mother 's home because she was no longer at imminent risk of harm from her illness . michtom and attorney michael taylor , who represents cassandra 's mother , jackie fortin , released a written statement after receiving the judge 's decision wednesday : `` we are disappointed in this ruling , not least of all because it draws a factual conclusion that is directly contradicted by the weight of the evidence . we 're conferring with our clients now about next steps , including whether to take another appeal . '' cassandra was diagnosed with hodgkin lymphoma in september and medical experts gave her an 85 % chance of survival if treated with chemotherapy . without it , doctors said at the time , she was likely to die within two years . she started chemotherapy in november but ran away after two days , according to court documents , when she decided she did not want to put the poison of the treatment into her body . in december , a judge ordered the young woman to be under the custody of the connecticut department of children and families . at that time , she was admitted to connecticut children 's medical center in hartford and has remained there since then . doctors surgically implanted a port in cassandra 's chest to administer chemotherapy medications , which began in spite of legal maneuvers to halt them . cassandra is feeling well and is in good shape as far as her health is concerned , according to michtom . `` she 's seen in her case the side effects were n't bad , and she 's been well-treated by the nurses and doctors and does want to complete the treatment , '' he said . her treatment is scheduled to wrap up this month . michtom and taylor failed in their effort before the connecticut supreme court to make the case that cassandra was mature enough to make her own medical decisions . joette katz , the commissioner of the department of children and families , told cnn in march the agency is `` very pleased with cassandra 's progress toward a complete recovery . we understand how difficult this has been for cassandra and her family , but we have had full confidence throughout that the medical professionals involved in her treatment would be successful in saving her life . '' the agency has denied cnn 's request to speak with cassandra or her physicians . according to michtom , the department of children and families could have withdrawn its position for an order of custody but has n't . he said the department sees cassandra as a flight risk because she has run away before . representatives for the department have said in court and in conversations with michtom and taylor that they will withdraw their pending neglect petition once cassandra completes her last round of chemo -- expected around the end of april -- and that she 'll be allowed to return home . so for now , cassandra is said to spend her days reading , watching tv and drawing . `` the hospital is effectively jail , '' michtom said .
 mark ronson 's `` uptown funk ! , '' featuring bruno mars , is the longest-leading billboard hot 100 of the 2010s , ruling the chart for a 13th week . it 's also just the 10th single in the hot 100 's entire history to spend at least 13 weeks at no. 1 . plus , newcomer natalie la rose reaches the top 10 with her debut hit `` somebody , '' featuring jeremih . as we do each wednesday , let 's run down all the songs in the top 10 , and a bit beyond , on the sales/airplay/streaming-based hot 100  dated april 11  . `` funk , '' released on rca records , passes robin thicke 's `` blurred lines , '' featuring t.i. and pharrell to take sole possession of the hot 100 's longest command this decade . here 's an updated look at the hits to lead for the most weeks since the beginning of 2010 : . weeks at no. 1 , title , artist , date reached no. 1 . 13  to date  , `` uptown funk ! , '' ronson feat . mars , jan. 17 , 2015 . 12 , `` blurred lines , '' robin thicke feat . t.i. + pharrell , june 22 , 2013 . 10 , `` happy , '' pharrell williams , march 8 , 2014 . 10 , `` we found love , '' rihanna feat . calvin harris , nov. 12 , 2011 . `` funk '' also becomes one of an elite 10 singles ever to top the hot 100 for at least 13 weeks , dating to the chart 's aug. 4 , 1958 launch : . weeks at no. 1 , title , artist , date reached no. 1 . 16 , `` one sweet day , '' mariah carey & boyz ii men , dec. 2 , 1995 . 14 , `` i got ta feeling , '' the black eyed peas , july 11 , 2009 . 14 , `` we belong together , '' mariah carey , june 4 , 2005 . 14 , `` candle in the wind 1997 '' / `` something about the way you look tonight , '' elton john , oct. 11 , 1997 . 14 , `` macarena  bayside boys mix  , '' los del rio , aug. 3 , 1996 . 14 , `` i 'll make love to you , '' boyz ii men , aug. 27 , 1994 . 14 , `` i will always love you , '' whitney houston , nov. 28 , 1992 . 13  to date  , `` uptown funk ! , '' ronson feat . mars , jan. 17 , 2015 . 13 , `` the boy is mine , '' brandy & monica , june 6 , 1998 . 13 , `` end of the road , '' boyz ii men , aug. 15 , 1992 . ask billboard : will ` uptown funk ! ' be the hot 100 's no. 1 song of 2015 ? with `` funk '' now just three weeks from potentially tying `` one sweet day '' for the record , and four weeks from possibly claiming it all to itself , can it rewrite hot 100 history ? it 's too early to forecast charts a month away , but `` funk '' still sports strong leads in all main hot 100 metrics . `` funk '' logs a 13th week atop the digital songs chart with 165,000 downloads sold  down 12 percent  in the week ending march 29 , according to nielsen music . that 's a record-tying feat : `` funk ! '' matches flo rida 's 2007-08 hit `` low , '' featuring t-pain , for the most weeks a title has spent at no. 1 on digital songs . `` funk '' also leads streaming songs  16.2 million u.s. streams , down 15 percent  for an 11th week . on radio songs , `` funk '' reigns for a 10th week with 166 million in all-format audience  down 4 percent  . it 's the first song to reach double-digit weeks at no. 1 on radio songs since `` blurred lines '' led for 11 . ask billboard : will ` uptown funk ! ' be the hot 100 's no. 1 song of 2015 ? `` funk , '' thus , leads the hot 100 and its three main component charts  digital songs , radio songs and streaming songs  simultaneously for a record-extending ninth week  nonconsecutively  . perhaps helping the chances that `` funk '' can remain at no. 1 on the hot 100 , at least for another week : while it 's down by 11 percent in overall activity , the no. 2 song  for a third week  , maroon 5 's `` sugar , '' decreases by 3 percent , while ed sheeran 's `` thinking out loud , '' at no. 3  for a third week , after peaking at no. 2 for eight weeks  , is off by 2 percent . and , the lead of `` funk '' over those songs is still significant : they each boast approximately two-thirds of the hot 100 points of `` funk '' this week . could either `` sugar '' or `` loud '' rebound to challenge `` funk '' further on the hot 100 ? could another song in the top 10 topple it ? or , is it a song just building , or not even yet released , that will take over ? again , it 's too soon to tell . we know only that a song will eventually dethrone the uncommonly overarching smash that `` funk '' has become .  at least we think one will ...  . chart highlights : taylor swift 's ` style ' hits no. 1 on adult pop songs . meanwhile , `` sugar '' takes over at no. 1 on the subscription services-based on-demand songs chart , despite a 10 percent drop to 4.1 million streams .  `` funk '' falls to no. 3 on the list after 11 weeks at no. 1 .  `` sugar '' holds at no. 2 on digital songs  143,000 , down 8 percent  ; rises 4-2 on radio songs  133 million , up 3 percent  ; and keeps at no. 4 on streaming songs  9.5 million , down 4 percent  . below sheeran , ellie goulding 's `` love me like you do '' holds at no. 4 on the hot 100 after reaching no. 3 . the fifty shades of grey soundtrack single dips 3-4 on digital songs  114,000 , down 14 percent  and stays at no. 5 on radio songs  118 million , up 8 percent  and streaming songs  9 million , up 9 percent  . from the same hit movie , the weeknd 's `` earned it  fifty shades of grey  '' reaches the hot 100 's top five  6-5  , adding top airplay gainer honors for a second week . on radio songs , it pushes 9-6 with a 23 percent gain to 86 million . `` earned ''  a possible contender for no. 1 on the hot 100 ...  holds at no. 6 on both streaming songs  8.9 million , up 24 percent  and digital songs  107,000 , up 4 percent  . the sultry track also takes over at no. 1 on billboard 's hot r&b / hip-hop songs chart . chart highlights : taylor swift 's ` style ' hits no. 1 on adult pop songs . fetty wap 's `` trap queen '' rises 8-6 on the hot 100 , while spending a second week at no. 1 on hot rap songs ; taylor swift 's `` style '' ranks at no. 7 on the hot 100 for a third week after reaching no. 6  and , as previously reported , reaches no. 1 on the adult pop songs airplay chart  ; rihanna , kanye west and paul mccartney 's `` fourfiveseconds '' drops 5-8 on the hot 100 after climbing to no. 4  and departs the hot r&b / hip-hop songs summit after seven weeks  ; and flo rida climbs 10-9 with `` g.d.f.r. , '' featuring sage the gemini and lookas . the rapper 's new ep , my house , arrives tuesday  april 7  . one song is new to the hot 100 's top 10 : la rose 's `` somebody , '' featuring jeremih  13-10  . the dutch singer 's debut hit lifts 10-8 on radio songs  73 million , up 9 percent  ; backtracks 13-14 on digital songs , but with a 7 percent gain to 68,000 ; and zooms 31-19 on streaming songs  4.3 million , up 5 percent  . the track tops the rhythmic songs airplay chart for a second week .  jeremih scores his fourth hot 100 top 10 , and first in a featured role .  . la rose is adjacent to her friend , and mentor , flo rida , on the hot 100 . after she had introduced herself to him at a party , they soon began working together , and she started touring with him . they created `` somebody , '' based on whitney houston 's 1987 hot 100 no. 1 `` i wan na dance with somebody  who loves me  , '' as la rose is a `` huge fan of '80s music , '' as she told billboard . she 's currently recording her debut ep . just beyond the hot 100 's top 10 , walk the moon 's `` shut up and dance '' pushes 15-12 , and is the new no. 1 on the hot rock songs chart , while jason derulo 's `` want to want me '' bounds 27-17 . and , rihanna roars in at no. 23 with `` b **** better have my money , '' the chart 's highest debut , powered largely by its no. 5 debut on digital songs  108,000 sold since its digital retail arrival on march 26  . more details on action below the top 10 in the weekly `` hot 100 chart moves '' column to post on friday  april 3  . see the original story at billboard.com . © 2015 billboard . all rights reserved .
 `` jake the dog and finn the human . the fun will never end . adventure time . '' so begins the dreamy theme song intro to the strangely addictive cartoon network tv show that 's centered around psychedelic characters like the ice king , marceline the vampire queen and , of course , jake and finn . now , mega-fans of the hit show can experience `` adventure time '' in the skies . thai smile , a subsidiary of thailand flag carrier thai airways , on thursday unveiled colorful new livery featuring jake , finn and the beloved princess bubblegum sprawled across an airbus a320 at bangkok 's suvarnabhumi international airport . the interior of the plane also has an adventure time theme , with overhead bins , head rests and even air sickness bags covered in the faces of characters from the show . airlines show off their new flying colors . the adventure time plane is the result of a partnership between thai airways subsidiary thai smile and cartoon network amazone , a new water park near the thai resort city of pattaya featuring attractions based on shows that appear on the turner broadcasting system channel . turner broadcasting is a parent company of cnn . check out these cool airline liveries . the inaugural thai smile adventure time flight takes place on april 4 , heading from bangkok to phuket .
 a high temperature of 63.5 degrees fahrenheit might sound like a pleasant day in early spring -- unless you 're in antarctica . the chilly continent recorded the temperature  15.5 degrees celsius  on march 24 , possibly the highest ever recorded on antarctica , according to the weather underground . the temperature was recorded at argentina 's esperanza base on the northern tip of the antarctica peninsula , according to cnn affiliate wtnh .  note to map lovers : the argentine base is not geographically part of the south american continent .  . the world meteorological organization , a specialized united nations agency , is in the process of setting up an international ad-hoc committee of about 10 blue-ribbon climatologists and meteorologists to begin collecting relevant evidence , said randy cerveny , the agency 's lead rapporteur of weather and climate extremes and arizona state university professor of geographical sciences . the committee will examine the equipment used to measure the temperature , whether it was in good working order , whether the correct monitoring procedures were followed , whether the equipment was placed in the correct location and whether the measurement is matched by corresponding records from surrounding stations , cerveny said . the committee will discuss the issues and make a recommendation to cerveny , who will make an official finding , probably by late summer or early fall . researchers who study climate change carefully watch weather changes in the antarctic region and elsewhere for evidence that the earth is getting warmer .
 the man accused of stabbing u.s. ambassador mark lippert in seoul last month is now charged with attempted murder , a south korean court official said wednesday . kim ki-jong has also been charged with assaulting a foreign envoy and business obstruction , the seoul central district court official said . according to south korean law , kim 's trial must begin within 14 days of receiving today 's indictment . lippert was stabbed march 5 during an event organized by the korean council for reconciliation and cooperation , which advocates peaceful reunification between north and south korea . shortly before lippert was supposed to give a speech , the attacker slashed him in the face and jaw . the ambassador suffered a gash from his right cheekbone to his lower jaw that required 80 stitches . that wound measured 10 centimeters  4 inches  long and 2.5 centimeters  1 inch  deep , but there was no serious facial nerve damage , said dr. jung nam-shik of the yonsei severance hospital . lippert also suffered five cuts in his left arm and hand , but was not expected to have permanent damage to his arm function . police said kim stabbed lippert with a 10-inch knife because he opposed the joint south korean-u.s. military drills , which happen every year and frequently draw the ire of north korea . police official yoon myeong-seong told reporters that kim had visited north korea seven times between 1999 and 2007 , and that authorities were investigating a possible connection between his visits to the reclusive state and the attack against lippert . kim , 55 , has a history of unpredictable behavior . in 2010 , he received a suspended two-year prison sentence for throwing a piece of concrete at a japanese ambassador to south korea , according to the yonhap news agency . south korean president park geun-hye condemned the attack . `` this incident is not only a physical attack on the u.s. ambassador , '' she said , `` but an attack on the south korea-u.s. alliance and it can never be tolerated . '' cnn 's madison park and greg botelho contributed to this report .
 president barack obama tied himself to the mast of a nuclear deal with iran even before he became the democratic candidate for president . reaching a good , solid agreement with iran is a worthy , desirable goal . but the process has unfolded under the destructive influence of political considerations , weakening america 's hand and strengthening iran . obama 's political standing and his historic legacy in foreign policy are so deeply intertwined with reaching an accord with iran that if the deal ultimately collapses , he may fear that historians will conclude that his legacy in global affairs collapsed with it . there is a reason one gets the feeling that it is the united states and not iran that is the more eager , even desperate , side in these talks , even though iran is the country whose economy was sent into a deep chill by international sanctions ; the country whose only significant export , oil , lost more than half of its value in recent months . the reason is that obama has a huge political stake in these negotiations . the president may insist that the united states will choose no deal over a bad deal , but few people truly believe he has a credible plan b. few believe it , particularly in the middle east and notably among america 's arab friends , who hold the view that iran is running circles around the united states and outplayed obama . as the writer david rothkopf aptly put it , `` iran is having a great obama administration . '' that 's a belief that has already started shaking up the region . saudi arabia has said that it will pursue nuclear weapons if it believes iran has not been stopped , and there is little doubt that other countries among iran 's muslim rivals will do the same . in fact , the notion that obama is not handling the iranian threat effectively is contributing to a new war in yemen , where saudi arabia and other arabs are trying to push back against gains by iran 's allies . we can trace it all back to the democratic primaries in 2007 , when then-sen . obama said he would meet iran 's leaders `` without preconditions , '' leading his rival , hillary clinton , to call the idea `` irresponsible and frankly naive . '' as the years of his presidency unfolded , and the middle east started coming apart , finding a deal with iran started to look like the one major foreign policy achievement obama might leave behind . the political imperative started to intrude in strategic considerations on an issue that is of transcendent importance to world peace . the framework agreement announced on thursday came two days after obama 's march 31 deadline . the u.s.-imposed deadline served only to pressure the united states , and the french ambassador very publicly decried as a `` bad tactic . '' that bad tactic was a political move , a push to produce some sort of result , however vague , to protect the talks from critics . again , a solid agreement that ensures iran will not produce nuclear weapons would be a most welcome development . but the agreement so far does not look promising . it certainly shows the final outcome will differ greatly from what obama had vowed . in a presidential debate in 2012 , obama described a crystal clear goal for negotiations . `` the deal we 'll accept is they end their nuclear program . it 's very straightforward . '' nobody is talking about iran ending its nuclear program . not even close . iran will be allowed to keep one-third of its more than 6,000 centrifuges . that 's not a small symbolic number . and it does not appear as though any of its nuclear facilities will be dismantled , although fordow will contain no nuclear materials . iran has insisted all along that its nuclear program has only civilian uses . the fact is that iran has a well-established record of lying and concealing the elements of its nuclear program to u.n. inspectors . and the u.n. agency chief says that has not stopped . a couple of weeks ago , with days left until the negotiating deadline , u.n. nuclear chief yukiya amano said iran is still stonewalling . `` we are still not in a position to conclude that all nuclear material in iran is -lsb- for a -rsb- peaceful purpose , '' he warned . the negotiations ' starting point is that iran would like to have the bomb and the international community wants to delay that as much as possible -- and preferably , forever . the world only learned about iran 's secret facilities at arak and natanz after dissidents raised the alarm . iran , we have learned repeatedly , is very good at lying to international inspectors . it is well-established that it has had something to hide about its nuclear program . it is well-established that many of iran 's neighbors do n't trust it and are anxious about the u.s.-led international dealings with iran . it is well-established that iran has engaged in international terrorism and in destabilizing the region . it is also clear that it took harsh international sanctions and a collapse in oil prices to bring iran to the negotiating table . it was iran that had the most to lose from a failure of talks . but political considerations turned the united states into the supplicant . the framework agreement starts lifting those indispensable sanctions much too soon . nuclear enrichment will continue , although at a lower level . iran officially , legally , becomes a nuclear threshold state , with the capability to make the final dash to a bomb within a `` breakout '' period of one year , the time when presumably inspectors would discover violation and allow the rest of the world to act . even the fordow facility , conveniently inside a fortified bunker in a mountain , will remain in existence , though `` converted '' to a nuclear `` research facility '' and without nuclear material on site . international sanctions lifting will begin almost immediately . its nuclear infrastructure will remain largely in place , even if operating at a reduced pace , giving iran much of what it wanted . with iranian forces gaining ground in arab lands and iranian commanders declaring the destruction of israel `` nonnegotiable '' and threatening saudi arabia , this deal does not look reassuring . obama is right that a diplomatic solution is the most desirable option . but the deal so far looks like  another  win for iran . it introduces enough restrictions that it could give the president the political cover he wants , but it does not do enough to make the world safe from nuclear proliferation and more potentially catastrophic instability in the middle east .
 deion sanders is such a dad . the nfl legend called out deion sanders jr. on twitter for saying he only eats `` hood doughnuts . '' in response , the elder sanders -- in front of his 912,000 followers -- reminded his son he has a trust fund , a condo and his own clothing line called `` well off . '' `` you 're a huxtable with a million $ trust fund . stop the hood stuff ! '' sanders followed it up with another tweet that included the hashtags #versacesheets #huxtable and #trustfund . junior is a wide receiver at southern methodist university , an aspiring entrepreneur and occasional rapper . his twitter timeline is a mix of biblical verses , motivational quotes and references to sports , cars , school and balenciaga shoes . he also has gone on record with his love for `` hood doughnuts , '' or confections from `` a place in the hood , '' saying `` if my doughnuts do n't come in a plain white box , i do n't want them ! '' his father promptly put him in his place . sanders jr. seemed to take the public browbeating in stride , retweeting his father 's comments . at least he knew better than to delete them .
 blue bell ice cream has temporarily shut down one of its manufacturing plants over the discovery of listeria contamination in a serving of ice cream originating from that plant . public health officials warned consumers friday not to eat any blue bell-branded products made at the company 's broken arrow , oklahoma , plant . that includes 3-ounce servings of blue bell ice cream from this plant that went to institutions in containers marked with the letters o , p , q , r , s or t behind the coding date . the warning by the centers for disease control and prevention does not affect other blue bell ice cream , including other 3-ounce servings , not made at the plant . but blue bell has recalled other products . the company is shutting down the broken arrow facility `` out of an abundance of caution '' to search for a possible cause of contamination . it is the third time blue bell has taken action in light of a listeria outbreak at a kansas hospital that served the company 's ice cream . listeria monocytogenes was recently found in a cup of ice cream recovered from the hospital . the cup contaminated with the bacteria was produced at the broken arrow plant in april 2014 , blue bell said . and , according to the cdc , listeria bacteria was found in additional samples of the same product that were recovered from the plant . the bacteria in the hospital sample and the factory sample appeared to match each other genetically , the cdc said . but they did not appear identical to listeria samples taken from patients infected in the kansas outbreak . in a separate outbreak in texas , the cdc did find that listeria samples taken from patients who came down with listeriosis between 2010 and 2014 in a hospital that served 3-ounce blue bell cups matched the listeria in recovered samples . none of this means the ice cream is the source of either spate of the infections . `` investigation to determine whether these illnesses are related to exposure to blue bell products is ongoing , '' the cdc said . in early march , in light of the kansas listeria outbreak , blue bell recalled a group of products made at a plant in texas . it later added 3-ounce cup servings to the recall . five people were infected and three died in the past year in kansas from listeria that might be linked to blue bell creameries products , according to the cdc . all five of them were hospitalized at the same hospital before developing listeriosis , the cdc said . at least four of them had consumed milkshakes made with blue bell ice cream before developing the infection . `` we are devastated and know that blue bell has to be and can be better than this , '' paul kruse , blue bell ceo and president , said in a statement . `` quality and safety have always been our top priorities . we are deeply saddened and concerned for all those who have been affected . '' the cdc advises that individuals and institutions should check their freezers for the recalled products and throw them away . in a statement on its website , blue bell said `` this recall in no way includes blue bell ice cream half gallons , pints , quarts , 3 gallons or other 3 oz . cups . '' this has been the first product recall in the 108-year history of blue bell creameries , the company said . listeriosis is a serious infection caused by eating food contaminated with listeria , and primarily affects the elderly , pregnant women , newborns and people with weakened immune systems , according to the cdc . symptoms of a listeria infection are fever and muscle aches , sometimes associated with diarrhea or other gastrointestinal symptoms . in the united states , an estimated 1,600 people become seriously ill each year , and approximately 16 % of these illnesses result in death . cervical infections caused by listeriosis in pregnant women may result in stillbirth or spontaneous abortion during the second or third trimesters . cnn 's debra goldschmidt , amanda watts and jacque wilson contributed to this report .
 when hong kong police answered a call in the early hours of a saturday morning last november , they encountered a grisly scene and an alleged crime that shocked the city . one woman was lying on the floor with cuts to her neck and buttocks . another was stuffed inside a suitcase on the balcony . a former banker , 29-year-old briton rurik jutting , was charged with two counts of murder . on thursday , a court hearing that was to determine whether there was enough evidence to proceed to trial was adjourned until may . here 's what we know so far about the victims and their alleged attacker . jutting allegedly lived at the murder scene , an upmarket apartment in the middle of wan chai , an inner-city suburb that 's home to an eclectic mix of late-night bars , residential tower blocks and local markets selling groceries and assorted cheap goods . in the early hours of saturday morning , november 1 , police say jutting called them to the apartment . there they found a woman lying on the blood-splattered floor , later identified as 29-year-old seneng mujiasih . during a search of the apartment , officers uncovered another body hidden in a suitcase on the balcony . it 's alleged 25-year-old sumarti ningsih was killed on october 27 , five days before her body was found . sumarti ningsih was from cilacap , in central java , and was the mother of a five-year-old girl . in a statement , her cousin , jumiati , described her as `` just an ordinary woman from indonesia '' who , like many others , was `` forced to work abroad to feed her poor family and make her dream comes  sic  true . '' `` she wanted to work as professional so she can earn money and dignity for her family , '' jumiati wrote . `` she is good girl and did not deserve this treatment . '' according to the asian migrant coordinating body , ningsih was visiting hong kong as a tourist and had been due to fly back to jakarta the day after her body was found . last year , her grieving father , ahmad khaliman , told agence france-presse that his daughter had worked in hong kong as a domestic helper between 2011 and 2013 . she 'd since returned on two occasions , khaliman said . he said the family had been shocked by her murder , and called for the perpetrator to be executed . `` if not , i can not accept it . he has already taken my daughter 's life , so he has to pay with his life , '' he told cnn affiliate trans7 . seneng mujiasih had more recently worked as a domestic worker in hong kong but had overstayed her visa , according to the asian migrant co-ordinating body . also known as jesse lorena , mujiasih was from the city of muna in sulawesi province , in southeast indonesia . other than that , few details are known about her life and why she stayed on in hong kong . after news of their death spread , fellow domestic workers held a vigil in hong kong 's victoria park . around 200 people gathered to sing and pray , and lay flowers besides photos of the two women . the victims ' bodies were buried after being repatriated to indonesia in november . before being taken into custody , rurik jutting lived in the upmarket j residence in wan chai . he was detained at the scene , where police found the bodies of two women and seized a knife during a search of the premises . it 's unclear when jutting left his job as a trader at the bank of america merrill lynch ; a boa spokesman would only confirm that a man of the same name had worked there in the past . jutting 's profile on linkedin said he haad been employed at the bank 's structured equity finance and trading division in hong kong since july 2013 . before that , he worked in the same unit in london for three years . according to the profile , jutting previously worked in capital markets for the british bank barclays and studied history and law at the prestigious university of cambridge , between 2004 and 2008 . as part of the trial process , tests were conducted to determined if jutting was psychologically fit to enter a plea . he was . the case was then adjourned to allow for more than 200 pieces of forensic and dna evidence to be analyzed .
 universal 's `` furious 7 '' continues to build momentum at the friday box office for a weekend debut in the $ 135 million - $ 138 million range , the largest opening in north america since fall 2013 . that includes a projected friday take of $ 58 million - $ 60 million . the final film featuring the late paul walker , `` furious 7 '' is opening around the globe this weekend and earned a record-breaking $ 60 million internationally on wednesday and thursday for a possible worldwide debut approaching or crossing $ 300 million by the end of easter sunday . `` furious 7 '' is getting the widest release in universal 's history . domestically , it will be playing in 4,003 theaters by good friday . internationally , it has booked more than 10,500 screens in 63 territories , although it wo n't open in china , japan and russia until later . the current record-holder for top april opening domestically is `` captain america : the winter soldier , '' which debuted to $ 95 million from 3,928 theaters last year . `` furious 7 '' is likewise poised to nab the biggest opening of 2015 to date . and it will easily beat the $ 121.9 million launch of `` the hunger games mockingjay -- part 1 '' in november 2104 , making it the largest three-day opening since `` the hunger games : catching fire ''  $ 158 million  in november 2013 . the movie enjoys massive awareness and interest , due to both the popularity of the street-racing series and walker 's death . the last film , `` fast & furious 6 , '' debuted to a franchise-best $ 117 million over the four-day memorial day weekend in 2012 , including $ 97.4 million for the three days , on its way to grossing $ 788.7 million worldwide . universal intended to open `` furious 7 '' on july 11 , 2014 , but production was halted in november 2013 when walker died in a car crash during the thanksgiving hiatus . after director james wan , writer chris morgan and universal pored over existing footage and tweaked the script , production resumed in april 2014 . cgi and voice effects were used in some scenes featuring walker 's detective character , brian o'conner , with walker 's brothers , caleb and cody , used as stand-ins . `` furious 7 '' pits vin diesel 's dominic toretto and crew  which includes michelle rodriguez and tyrese gibson , among others , as well as walker  against jason statham 's deckard shaw , out for revenge after the death of his brother . dwayne johnson also reprises his role as hobbs . © 2015 the hollywood reporter . all rights reserved .
 imprisoned soldier chelsea manning can now communicate with the world -- in 140 characters or less . manning , who is serving a 35-year prison sentence for leaking thousands of classified documents , appears to have joined twitter this week . in a series of tweets , the prisoner formerly known as bradley manning said she will be using a voice phone to dictate her tweets to communications firm fitzgibbon media , which will post them on her behalf . she is not allowed internet access in prison , according to the guardian . `` it will be hard , but i do n't want this twitter feed to be a one-way street/conversation , '' manning posted to her nearly 26,000-plus followers . manning was sentenced in 2013 , and in august of that year , she said she wanted to transition to a female . the fort leavenworth disciplinary barracks in kansas , where she is serving her sentence , has authorized hormone therapy for her treatment . manning said she suffers from gender dysphoria . her lawyers describe it as `` the medical diagnosis given to individuals whose gender identity -- their innate sense of being male or female -- differs from the sex they were assigned at birth , causing clinically significant distress . '' last year , a kansas judge granted her request to be formally known as chelsea elizabeth manning . the former army intelligence analyst was convicted of stealing and disseminating 750,000 pages of documents and videos to wikileaks in what has been described as the largest leak of classified material in u.s. history . she was found guilty of 20 of the 22 charges , including violations of the u.s. espionage act . manning has written opinion pieces for the new york times and the guardian from prison .
 according to an outside review by columbia journalism school professors , ''  a  n institutional failure at rolling stone resulted in a deeply flawed article about a purported gang rape at the university of virginia . '' the columbia team concluded that `` the failure encompassed reporting , editing , editorial supervision and fact-checking . '' hardly a ringing endorsement of the editorial process at the publication . the magazine 's managing editor , will dana , wrote , `` we would like to apologize to our readers and to all of those who were damaged by our story and the ensuing fallout , including members of the phi kappa psi fraternity and uva administrators and students . '' brian stelter : fraternity to ` pursue all available legal action ' the next question is : . can uva , phi kappa psi or any of the other fraternities on campus sue for defamation ? the virginia supreme court said in jordan v. kollman that `` the elements of libel are  1  publication of  2  an actionable statement with  3  the requisite intent . '' `` actionable '' means the statement must be both false and defamatory . of course , the law of defamation must be balanced against the freedom of speech protected under not only the first amendment to the united states constitution , but also the virginia constitution . true statements can not be defamatory . neither can pure statements of opinion , because they theoretically can not be either true or false . but the rolling stone article certainly purported to be fact , and it apparently is not exactly what the law considers `` true . '' the individual members of the fraternity will likely be considered private individuals , and not public figures ; the latter have a harder time proving defamation . a private person suing for defamation must establish that the defendant has published a false factual statement that is about the person and that it also harms the person 's reputation . the private plaintiff also must show that the defendant knew that the statement was false , or believed it was true but lacked a reasonable basis , or acted negligently in checking the facts . at first blush , that sounds like it fits perfectly , right ? the columbia report may go a long way toward establishing at least a modicum of the required intent . but that 's only half the battle . there are strict rules about who can be a plaintiff in a defamation action like this . the identity of the aspiring plaintiff matters . first , let 's eliminate uva . the university is a public university , and therefore it is a governmental entity . the supreme court has been clear on the issue of libelous statements about the government : the government can not sue for defamation . there is no such cause of action in american jurisprudence . now the fraternities , starting with phi kappa psi . a fraternity is not an individual , but a group . a plaintiff in a defamation case must show that the statements were `` of or concerning '' the plaintiff . it sounds obvious , but if you 're going to say a statement hurt you , you have to prove the statement actually was about you to begin with . when the statements are about a group without naming an individual , it 's hard to say the statement is `` concerning '' the individual -- and groups generally can not sue . for example , you can be sued if you call a specific lawyer a thief , but that same person can not sue you if you simply call all lawyers thieves . defamatory statements about a group are therefore not actionable by the group 's individual members , for the most part . like all rules , however , there are exceptions . if the defamatory language is about `` a comparatively small group of persons and the defamatory part is easily imputed against all members of the small group , an individual member may sue . '' if i said , `` the 1980 philadelphia phillies infielders were a bunch of criminals ''  they were n't  , the individual players could sue , because that mean statement is clearly about certain persons -- if i said that -- which i did n't . phi kappa psi would likely argue that the `` small group '' exception fits it perfectly : even if the individual members were not identified by name , the defamatory story has been imputed directly to individual members , who have suffered by their association with the group . on the other hand , rolling stone 's lawyers would likely argue that the group is so large and fluid  after all , the membership changes somewhat every year  , that even though the fraternity 's reputation is tarnished , the members have suffered no individualized injury . as for the other fraternities on campus but not implicated in the story , that 's likely a group that moves from the small category to large , and the members of greek life generally will have a harder time bringing a lawsuit . lawyers will tell you that a libel suit is one of those things that citizens often threaten each other with on facebook , but that such cases are rarely actually filed . that 's because a plaintiff usually has to show some kind of financial harm . so if your aunt edna calls you a loser on twitter , you 're going to have to spend money on an expert to explain to a jury how that actually damaged you financially . and since most of the people who waste time threatening each other with defamation suits on facebook live in their moms ' basements and are `` between jobs , '' these are not the kind of people who have money or reputation to damage in the first place . the uva situation is not your run-of-the-mill defamation case . the university wo n't be able to sue , but if the members of the fraternity can get past some of the preliminary hurdles of a defamation claim , and they can make a tangible case for damages , then this could be one of those rare successful defamation cases .
 the classic video game `` space invaders '' was developed in japan back in the late 1970 's -- and now their real-life counterparts are the topic of an earnest political discussion in japan 's corridors of power . luckily , japanese can sleep soundly in their beds tonight as the government 's top military official earnestly revealed that the country 's air self defense force  asdf  had never encountered an extraterrestrial unidentified flying object . responding to a query from flamboyant former wrestler-turned-lawmaker antonio inoki , defense minister gen nakatani told the diet , japan 's parliament , that his jets had , to date , never come across any ufos from outer space . `` when the air self defense force detects indications of an unidentified flying object that could violate our country 's airspace , it scrambles fighter jets if necessary and makes visual observation , '' nakatani said . he continued : `` they sometimes find birds or flying objects other than aircraft but i do n't know of a case of finding an unidentified flying object believed to have come over from anywhere other than earth . '' inoki has appeared in the u.s.-based wwe -- which describes him as `` among the most respected men in sports-entertainment '' -- and is the founder of the new japan pro wrestling organization . he entered japan 's upper house for a second stint in politics in 2013 . he also famously fought muhammad ali in 1976 , in one of the first-ever mixed-discipline matches , which would later pave the way for today 's wildly popular mixed martial arts contests . before his return to politics he was a regular fixture on japanese tv variety shows and has promoted a slew of products , from hot sauce to banks . the maverick politician also traveled to iraq in 1990 to try to secure the release of japanese hostages , and has more recently attempted to replicate former nba star dennis rodman 's `` basketball diplomacy '' by staging a wrestling tournament in north korea . he reportedly converted to islam in the 1990s , although he says he practices both islam and buddhism . the lawmaker , who is universally known in japan for his colossal chin and once-ever-present red scarf -- these days often replaced with a red necktie -- as much as for his political achievements , had asked a upper house budget committee meeting if aircraft were ever scrambled to meet extraterrestrial threats , and if research was being done into alien visitors , prompting nakatani 's response . inoki also claims to have seen a ufo with his own eyes , but admitted that he did n't know personally if aliens existed . the exchange was n't the first time japanese politicians have discussed the implications of visitors from another planet . in 2007 then-defense minister shigeru ishiba pondered the legal ramifications , under japan 's pacifist constitution , of a defense against an invasion from outer space . read more : japan unveils izumo , its largest warship since world war ii .
 the fbi has confirmed that one of its most wanted terrorists , the malaysian bomb maker known as marwan , was killed in an otherwise disastrous raid in the philippines in january . marwan , whose real name is zulkifli bin hir , was believed by the fbi to a member of southeast asian terror group jemaah islamiyah 's central command . the fbi said in february that a dna sample -- understood to be from a severed finger -- taken from a man killed in a raid in the southern philippines showed a link with a known relative of marwan . but the fbi now says tests have confirmed that the dead man was the wanted islamic extremist . `` after a thorough review of forensic data and information obtained from our philippine law enforcement partners , the fbi has assessed that terrorism subject , zulkifli abdhir ... is deceased and has been removed from the fbi 's list of most wanted terrorists , '' david bowdich , assistant director in charge of the fbi 's los angeles field office , told cnn in a statement . the fbi had been offering a $ 5 million reward for information leading to marwan 's capture in the wake of his 2007 indictment on terror charges in a california court . it accused him of being a supplier of ieds to terrorist organizations , and having conducted bomb making training for terror groups , including the philippines-based abu sayyaf . marwan had previously been falsely reported dead after a raid by philippine security forces in 2012 . the philippines has been fighting an insurgency in the predominantly muslim south for years , and last year signed a peace agreement with the moro islamic liberation front  milf  , the largest rebel group in the region . but in january it launched a surprise raid in pursuit of marwan at mamapasono , in the southern province of maguindanao . the mission went disastrously awry . forty-four members of the police 's elite special action force  saf  unit were killed in the assault , targeting an area controlled by the bangsamoro islamic freedom fighters  biff  -- a hardline splinter group which has rejected the peace deal with the philippines government . according to a report released by the institute for policy analysis of conflict  ipac  last month , the biff faction sheltering marwan had sworn allegiance to isis . in the immediate aftermath of the assault , the saf company charged with executing marwan came under fire , before another saf company stationed in nearby milf territory as a `` blocking force '' became engaged in an eight-hour firefight with milf fighters . according to the ipac report , the saf `` blocking '' company eventually ran out of ammunition and only one of their number survived , . eighteen milf fighters were killed and a number of biff fighters may also died . the clash shattered a three-year ceasefire with the milf , authorities said . a national day of mourning was declared as the men were laid to rest . bowdich expressed the fbi 's `` sincere condolences to the brave officers of the special action force who lost their lives while attempting to apprehend this dangerous fugitive . '' while an saf superintendent said at a eulogy for the fallen commandos that their sacrifice had been worth it , controversy has dogged the botched mission in the philippines . the ipac report argued that the `` single-minded focus '' of authorities on killing marwan has threatened the peace agreement with the milf , which is yet to cross the final hurdle of being passed into law by the philippines congress . `` the best chance the southern philippines has ever had for peace may now be in jeopardy , '' read the report , which argued that the mamapasano fiasco was the result of a misguided emphasis on killing marwan . the report argued that , although marwan had aided terror attacks and provided funds and equipment to milf and abu sayyaf , he was not `` the master bomber that his reputation suggested . '' yet for the philippines authorities and their u.s. allies , killing marwan had become such a priority that security forces bypassed the mechanisms that had been established to alert the milf to such operations , for fear of word leaking to their target . the report quoted an anonymous indonesian associate of marwan 's who described the malaysian as `` a little snake who has been blown up into a dragon . '' read more : dozens of philippine police killed in raid on ` high value ' bomb makers . read more : philippines honors 44 slain commandos with day of mourning . cnn 's arlene samson-espiritu and kathy quiano contributed to this report .
 one of tokyo 's most prominent districts has taken a small , but potentially significant step to recognizing same-sex unions in japan . the government of shibuya ward , one of the capital 's most famous shopping and trendy entertainment districts , passed ordinance on wednesday paving the way for `` partnership certificates '' for same-sex couples , allowing them some of the rights of married heterosexual couples . same-sex partners who are registered with the district 's ward office will be able to hold visitation rights in hospitals and co-sign tenancy agreements . other advantages that heterosexual married couples enjoy , such as joint filing of taxes , are controlled by the federal government and are outside the remit of individual municipalities . the measure was proposed in february by shibuya 's mayor , toshitake kuwahara . while the certificates will not be issued until later in the summer and are not legally binding , proponents of marriage equality in socially conservative japan say that the ward 's decision is a step in the right direction . `` it is not a marriage license and advantages will be limited but still better than nothing , '' gon matsunaka , a gay rights activist , told cnn . while shibuya 's decision does not yet equate to heterosexual marriage , the hope is that the move will be the beginnings of promoting marriage equality for gay communities . `` what is important for the lgbt  lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender  community in shibuya is the ruling will make us visible in society , '' matsunaka said . `` it could be a strong driver for shibuya citizens to learn and know what kind of problems lgbt people are facing . '' taiga ishikawa , tokyo councillor and the first male gay local assembly member in japan , told cnn the ordinance was a `` big first step for the protection of human rights . '' he called the decision `` happy '' but said that it must go alongside education about alternative lifestyles . he said that the most important part of today 's announcement is that it `` should be actually put into practice , as should education for understanding  lgbt individuals  especially they suffer as they find out their sexuality when they are young . '' neighboring setagaya ward has indicated that it would look into following shibuya 's lead . however , former councilor ishikawa cautioned against taking the movement 's momentum for granted . `` to realize equal rights for gay couples , a national law has to be made , '' he said . while outright discrimination against the lgbt community is rare in japan , its effects can be hidden and gay people often find themselves at a disadvantage . many hide their sexuality from their employers , co-workers , families and friends . but the tide may be turning . a recent poll found that a slight majority at 52.4 % oppose gay marriage , but support amongst young adults in their 20s and 30s is as high as 70 % . an editorial in the asahi shimbun newspaper , which commissioned the poll , welcomed the shibuya decision , calling it `` a bold and important step forward . '' only traditional marriages are recognized under japan 's constitution , but the wording is vague enough to open it to interpretation , according to mari miura , a professor of gender and politics at sophia university in tokyo . `` the constitution does not rule out same-sex marriage , so an interpretation can be made that it is constitutional , '' miura told bloomberg business . while prime minister shinzo abe and the ruling liberal democratic party `` do n't like the idea of same-sex marriage , but at the same time the issue is gaining momentum . '' conservative groups were vocal in their opposition , with one , known as the network pushing for normalization of education , telling the japan times that granting same-sex couples the same rights as all other japanese citizens would degrade the `` familial system and practice that heterosexual unions have long preserved in human history . '' while shibuya 's registration system will be a first for japan , yodogawa ward in the western japanese city of osaka was the first in the nation to recognize and support the lgbt community . in 2013 the ward government pledged to give consideration to the issues that the community faced , and to train staff to accommodate needs specific to lgbt individuals . journalist chie kobayashi contributed reporting from tokyo .
 film director david lynch has confirmed he will no longer direct the revival of `` twin peaks '' -- a cult 1990s television show that was set to return in 2016 . the offbeat tv series , created by lynch and mark frost , featured a quirky fbi agent who went to the pacific northwest town of twin peaks to investigate the mysterious murder of a high school girl named laura palmer . the groundbreaking series is considered one of the most influential shows in television history . lynch broke the news about his departure in a series of tweets , saying that the show 's third season will continue without him . he said he felt the network was not offering enough money to produce the show `` the way it needed to be done . '' lynch also wrote that he had personally called the actors over the weekend to let them know he would no longer be directing . showtime network , which will air the nine-episode comeback , released a statement saying they were `` saddened '' by lynch 's decision . `` we were saddened to read david lynch 's statement today since we believed we were working towards solutions with david and his reps on the few remaining deal points , '' read the statement . `` showtime also loves the world of twin peaks and we continue to hold out hope that we can bring it back in all its glory with both of its extraordinary creators , david lynch and mark frost , at its helm . '' showtime announced they would produce a third season in october last year . actor kyle maclachlan , who played the coffee-obsessed fbi agent dale cooper in the original series , had confirmed he would reprise the lead role for the new season .
 a university of kentucky basketball player is apologizing for the `` poor choice of words '' he muttered under his breath after the team 's stunning loss to wisconsin on saturday . as a deflated panel of wildcats fielded a reporter 's question about wisconsin standout frank kaminsky , a hot mic picked up kentucky guard andrew harrison saying of kaminsky , `` f**k that  n-word  . '' harrison , who is is black , said his words were `` in jest , '' and that he meant no disrespect to kaminsky , who is white . `` first i want to apologize for my poor choice of words used in jest towards a player i respect and know , '' harrison tweeted . `` when i realized how this could be perceived i immediately called big frank to apologize and let him know i did n't mean any disrespect . '' kaminsky -- the 2015 associated press player of the year -- said sunday that he was `` over it . '' `` he reached out to me . we talked about it . -lsb- i 'm -rsb- over it , '' he said . `` nothing needs to be made out of it . '' harrison said he wished kaminsky well in monday 's national title game against duke . `` we had a good conversation , and i wished him good luck in the championship game monday . '' cnn reached out to kentucky for comment on sunday but did not hear back . kentucky vs. wisconsin nets biggest final four ratings in 22 years .
 six people were hurt after an explosion at a controversial chemical plant in china 's southeastern fujian province sparked a huge fire , provincial authorities told state media . the plant , located in zhangzhou city , produces paraxylene  px  , a reportedly carcinogenic chemical used in the production of polyester films and fabrics . the blast occurred at an oil storage facility monday night after an oil leak , though local media has not reported any toxic chemical spill . five out of six people were injured by broken glass and have been sent to the hospital for treatment , xinhua news agency reported . more than 600 firefighters were sent to battle the blaze and the fire is now under control , the zhangzhou fire department wrote on their official microblogging account tuesday morning . residents living close to the plant had heard the explosion and took to weibo to post photos of the fire . one user wrote that he heard a loud blast and felt slight tremors . the plant was hit by another explosion in july 2013 , although there were no reports of casualties or toxic leaks at the time . though demonstrations are illegal in china , the construction of px plants has sparked protests , which have occasionally turned violent , in several cities in recent years . the zhangzhou plant was slated for xiamen -- a densely populated city in the southeast of the country . however , it provoked an angry backlash in 2007 due to pollution concerns and prompted the local government to relocate the factory to its current , more remote location .
 the presence of a harmful pesticide at a luxury villa in the u.s. virgin islands may have resulted in the illness of a delaware family , the u.s. environmental protection agency said friday . paramedics were called last week to a rented villa at the sirenusa resort in st. john after the family of four fell ill . they had rented the villa from march 14 to march 22 , and were later hospitalized . the illness was reported to the epa on march 20 . `` our preliminary results do show that there was a presence of methyl bromide in the unit where the family was staying , '' said elias rodriguez , an epa spokesman . exposure to methyl bromide can result in serious health effects , including central nervous system and respiratory system damage , according to the epa . the use of the pesticide is restricted in the united states because of its acute toxicity . it 's not allowed to be used indoors . only certified professionals are permitted to use it in certain agricultural settings . `` it 's an ongoing investigation ; we 're still on the island doing our assessment , '' rodriguez said . `` we have been doing different types of air sampling and wipe sampling . '' final test results were expected next week . the epa is working with local government agencies to investigate whether the family was made ill after a fumigation at the resort on march 18 and whether any environmental regulations or laws were violated . `` pesticides can be very toxic , and it is critically important that they be applied properly and used only as approved by epa , '' said judith a. enck , a regional administrator for the epa . `` the epa is actively working to determine how this happened and will make sure steps are taken to prevent this from happening to others at these vacation apartments or elsewhere . '' depending on the season , the luxury villa where the family stayed rents between $ 550 and $ 1,200 per night . sea glass vacations , which acts as a rental agent for several units at sirenusa , said that the unit directly below the one where the family stayed was recently treated for pests , but that their unit was not treated . the company said it licensed an outside company , terminix , for the pest control services . `` sea glass vacations does not treat the units it manages for pests but instead relies on licensed professionals for pest control services , '' the company said in a statement . the u.s. department of justice has initiated a criminal investigation into the matter , according to a u.s. securities and exchange commission filing made monday by servicemaster global holdings , the parent company of terminix . in an email to cnn , a spokesman for terminix wrote that the company is `` committed to performing all work ... in a manner that is safe for our customers , employees , the public and the environment '' and is `` looking into this matter internally , and cooperating with authorities . '' `` we 're thinking about the family , and we join the community in wishing them a speedy recovery , '' terminix wrote . james maron , an attorney who has been a spokesman for the family , has not responded to requests for comment . the sec filing described the injuries to the family members as `` serious . ''
 when i was elected to the kentucky state senate in 1967 , i became the first woman and the first person of color to serve in the body . five decades later , i find it almost unfathomable that a politician from my own state is attempting to launch his presidential campaign on a record that includes questioning landmark voting rights and civil rights legislation . but that is what rand paul , who today declared he 's running for president of the united states , is doing . his campaign team told reporters last week that his campaign announcement message would be about `` expanding the republican party '' -- a message of inclusion . but those of us listening today who he is hoping to include , heard nothing more than hype . i 'm not buying it . since coming to the u.s. senate , paul has tried to sell himself as a different type of republican . he 's tried to brand himself as the gop 's minority outreach candidate . the problem for paul , and the gop at large , is that they do n't back up their words with their policies . yes , it 's about time that republicans started seriously considering the fact that black voters are an important piece of the electoral puzzle . but they ca n't actually appeal to the community unless they have a real commitment to the issues facing minority communities . a quick survey of sen. paul 's positions makes clear that he does not . paul kicked off his announcement speech in louisville by declaring `` i have a message that is loud and clear : we have come to take our country back . '' i have no doubt that under paul 's leadership , he would indeed take our country back -- in the wrong direction -- way back to a time when we were debating the civil rights act -- which paul has done since landing on the national stage ; when there was no department of education -- a department he thinks `` should be done away with ; '' when women did n't have choices -- choices paul seeks to limit in washington ; when dreamers were n't protected from deportation -- protections paul currently opposes . in his inept speaking engagements at historically black colleges and universities , he has come across as condescending and lacking basic cultural competency . but paul has also questioned the civil rights act , and even claimed that private business owners have a right to discriminate . when asked about the need for a more robust voting rights act following the supreme court 's dismantling of the law , paul dismissively remarked , `` we have an african-american president . '' when president obama stood with john lewis and other veterans of the civil rights movement in front of the edmund pettus bridge last month to mark the 50th anniversary of bloody sunday , he inspired us all by saying : `` with effort , we can roll back poverty and the roadblocks to opportunity . ... with effort , we can protect the foundation stone of our democracy for which so many marched across this bridge -- and that is the right to vote . '' america is better -- and we solve more problems -- with more democracy , not less . unfortunately rand paul has demonstrated that he disagree with that basic principle . paul tried once again from that stage in louisville to fashion himself as the one member of his party courageous enough to try to broaden republican appeal to constituencies they ignore year after year . but his record makes it very clear that his views are outdated , outside of the mainstream , and disqualifying for a man who wants to lead our country . the american people deserve a leader who wo n't disrespect their intelligence , who wo n't pander to them when it 's convenient , and who wo n't work to dismantle the progress we have made over the last five decades . what i heard today , did n't change the facts about rand paul 's record . the american people deserve better than rand paul .
 the united states department of justice has named a new defendant in the war on drugs , and the charges are serious indeed . a 15-count indictment filed in federal court in california bristles with accusations of conspiracies , transporting prescription pharmaceuticals dispensed with illegal prescriptions , violations of the controlled substances act , misbranding charges , and money laundering charges . who is this menace to society ? fedex . yes , the courier delivery service . wait , can companies even be charged with crimes ? where would a fedex be incarcerated ? is there a corporate shawshank prison ? how does one fit a company for a prison jumpsuit ? it turns out a corporation can indeed be prosecuted like a person . it 's a practice the supreme court has approved of for over a century . in fact , in many ways they are easier to prosecute than people . corporations do n't have all the same inconvenient constitutional rights as citizens accused of crimes . imprisoning convicted citizens is expensive , but corporate convictions , on the other hand , turn tidy profits for the u.s. government , with zero prison overhead . even if corporations can be held criminally liable , should a courier service like fedex be held liable for `` possessing '' what bad guys may send through the service ? the answer , according to fedex , is not just `` no , '' but a `` no '' so conclusive that this case should never see a courtroom . the company maintains that it is innocent . it has a point . `` possession '' is an elusive concept . when it comes to drugs , the law recognizes two kinds of possession : actual and constructive . actual possession is when you have physical control over the contraband . when you have a gun in your hand or drugs in your pocket , you `` actually '' possess those things . the somewhat hazier concept of `` constructive possession '' means you can `` possess '' something without even having it on your person , as long as you have ownership , dominion or control over the contraband or the property where it is found . for example , the government would argue that while you may not have actual possession of the 5,000 oxycontin pills in the trunk of your car parked in your driveway , you `` constructively '' possessed them . conversely , sometimes you can be holding something in your hand or have it in your vehicle , but not `` possess '' it either actually or constructively , in the eyes of the law . such is the case with couriers who routinely drive to your home , walk up to your door and hand you a package , completely ignorant about what is inside it . it 's hard to argue the ups guy intentionally `` possessed '' your subscription to porno mags , in their nondescript brown packaging . that is the idea behind the `` common carrier '' exception to possession , and a large part of fedex 's compelling legal argument . a `` common carrier '' is one who offers its services to members of the public -- without much discretion -- and is engaged in the business of transporting persons or property for compensation . the public policy reasons behind `` common carrier '' exemptions make sense ; the industry simply could n't function if every driver , courier and handler who touches a valid shipment of oxycontin had to obtain a prescription for opiates to be legally allowed to deliver it to your front door . that would lead to an absurd result . that 's why the controlled substances act and the food , drug , and cosmetic act allow common carriers to lawfully possess controlled substances , so long as it is in the usual course of their business . of course , this is not a permission slip for drug runners to avoid liability by calling themselves `` common carriers . '' that 's why the `` usual course of business '' language acts as an additional safety measure . in court papers , fedex 's lawyers offer the example of an airline whose sole activity was flying controlled substances from jamaica to miami . this would not be acting in the usual course of business of a common carrier , since this imaginary airline is not offering its services to the public , generally . on the other hand , fedex argues that it is indeed a common carrier , performing the normal duties of a common carrier , because  a  it is engaged in the business of transportation of property and  b  it offers its services to the public generally . it 's hard to imagine extending liability to common carriers for possession of contraband . does this mean a greyhound bus driver becomes liable for marijuana possessed by a passenger ? the bus driver would argue he has no reason to know if a particular passenger is carrying drugs . but if the guy boards the bus with a grateful dead t-shirt and a set of bongos , should n't the driver at least have a hunch ? that seems dangerously close to profiling . is this another illogical straw man argument ? maybe . obviously , the department of justice disagrees , which is why it has brought this criminal prosecution . according to the indictment , from at least as early as 2004 , the drug enforcement administration , the food and drug administration , and members of congress put fedex on notice that illegal internet pharmacies were using its shipping services to distribute controlled substances and prescription drugs in violation of the controlled substances act , the food , drug , and cosmetic act , and numerous state laws . the indictment alleges that as early as 2004 , fedex knew that it was delivering drugs to dealers and addicts . fedex 's couriers in kentucky , tennessee , and virginia expressed safety concerns that were circulated to fedex senior management . the doj is making the argument that even though fedex carries and delivers whatever is handed to it by the public , fedex knew or should have known in specific instances that it was involving itself in suspicious drug activity . it raises a larger question , though : why do we prosecute inanimate objects that we ca n't even incarcerate ? the answer is the same reason that the drug dealers deal drugs , and drug smugglers smuggle them : money . power . the government in these cases gets to impose its will and policy upon large corporations -- in this case , it would be to force fedex to help law enforcement in policing shady pharmaceutical transportation . the government also gets to extract gargantuan sums of money from corporations in `` deferred prosecution agreements . '' the reason you do n't see a lot of corporate trials is because most companies prefer to enter into such agreements ; for a company , a public prosecution alone would be tantamount to a death sentence , whether or not it 's found guilty . still , every defense attorney would love to offer the option to his or her human clients of avoiding felony conviction and a potential life sentence -- by agreeing to pay some fines . do n't get me wrong : i 'm all about prosecuting the black market , especially if that means prosecuting the guys who send us those spam emails to our work accounts with `` v1agra '' in the subject line , for our co-workers to see while we go to the bathroom . i want those guys locked up for sure . i 'm just not sure that fedex has anything to do with the kingpins of the `` fr33 cyalis '' email campaign . the doj 's underlying intentions are noble enough -- this is an attack on the supply line of the illegal drug market by attacking the actual supply chain . it makes good strategic sense . it might seem like good financial sense in the short run , with the millions in fines extracted from corporations , but that money has to come from somewhere . it 's just a matter of time before that trickles down to job cuts and less leg room on our flights . it probably does n't make good legal sense either . yes , we have been treating corporations as fictional `` persons '' for centuries in some ways -- but it 's silly to treat them as persons in all ways . fedex has a strong argument for dismissal in this case , but even if not , it wo n't be swapping its logo orange for prison orange anytime soon .
 this is the end . beautiful friend , the end . for the 1960s , the end arrived with -- depending on your ideals and your tribe -- either the rolling stones ' altamont fiasco in december 1969 , the kent state shootings in may 1970 or richard nixon 's 1972 re-election . for `` mad men , '' the `` end of an era , '' as its slogan has it , begins sunday . over the past eight years , the show about a 1960s advertising agency and its collision with changing times has become part of the national fabric , if never a huge ratings hit . stores have created fashion lines inspired by the show ; there have been `` mad men '' cocktails and `` mad men '' museum exhibits and even `` mad men '' presidential references . don draper , the creative director played by jon hamm , has become a symbol of the times -- his and , sometimes , ours . its subjects have taken the show to heart . in march , a `` mad men '' bench was unveiled in front of new york 's time & life building , where the fictional firm of sterling cooper & partners has its headquarters . the end of a tv series brings with it some risk . `` the sopranos , '' `` mad men '' creator matthew weiner 's former employer , divided fans with its famous cut-to-black finale . on the other hand , `` mad men 's '' former amc stablemate , `` breaking bad , '' was saluted for an almost perfect landing . speaking of landings : the last season -- technically , the first half of season 7 -- ended with the moon landing in july 1969 . though weiner and his cast have been typically tight-lipped -- weiner even hid the finale from his cast at first -- it 's reasonable to assume the new season will pick up soon afterward . what 's going to happen ? here are some educated guesses . with the '60s screaming towards their conclusion , `` mad men '' probably wo n't jump ahead much . the latter half of 1969 included the manson murders , the woodstock festival , a new york mayoral campaign and the vietnam war moratorium demonstrations -- plenty of fodder for the characters to interact with , if only tangentially . who knows ? the show might even mention the miracle mets . it would be a nice way to acknowledge the agency 's late lane pryce . of course , weiner might have a different idea ; he 's from baltimore . `` mad men '' is generally a show about disintegration , reflective of the '60s themselves . the old orders are falling apart : white-shoe wasp firms like sterling cooper giving way to the ethnic pace-setters such as doyle dane bernbach ; grimy new york replaced by sunny los angeles ; the `` good war '' generation butting heads with the `` make love , not war '' cohort ; vacuum tubes and ledger books being displaced by a sleek , solid-state ibm world . it 's all an ad agency can do to keep up . last season saw plenty of intraoffice turmoil , thanks to the ill-fitting merger between sterling cooper and former rival cutler gleason and chaough . though the agency survived , it 's now without bert cooper  robert morse  and under the ownership of  real-life  madison avenue titan mccann erickson . that 's not a recipe for long-term survival , and expect a number of longtime characters -- ken cosgrove  aaron staton  , harry crane  rich sommer  and perhaps even joan harris  christina hendricks  -- to look for an exit . roger sterling -- the wisecracking executive played by john slattery -- might find an exit as well , but not one he 's anticipating . he 's suffered two heart attacks . he drinks to excess . he 's never grown up . bet on a sudden and shocking departure . on the other hand , peggy olson 's star has continued to rise  much like one of the character 's models , advertising wunderkind mary wells lawrence  . she left sterling cooper once ; indeed , she would n't have returned if her new agency had n't merged with her old one . if olson , played by elisabeth moss , bolts the firm , it will probably be to head her own agency -- and possibly get married . that is , if she 's still interested in such an old-fashioned tradition . in recent seasons , don 's ex-wife , betty  january jones  , has lost herself amid all the turmoil . she sees herself through the eyes of her spouses , and though husband henry francis  christopher stanley  has been far more supportive than don , he 's a busy man . and sally , don 's daughter  kiernan shipka  , is proving to be a handful . on the one hand , she 's obviously bright ; on the other , she 's a teenager and starting to rebel . in recent seasons she 's run away and started sneaking cigarettes , and she 's always fighting with her mother . you could see her hitchhiking to woodstock , or at least dropping out of school . anything 's possible , but given all that the character has been through -- divorces , affairs , office politics , morose late-night rides with glen bishop -- it 's a bit on the nose , is n't it ? instead , try this : it 's april 1 , 1970 . richard nixon is signing legislation banning cigarette ads on radio and television , reminding don of the day 10 years earlier when he came up with the lucky strike campaign that began the series . no fool , he had seen this day coming years before . he 'll fix himself a drink , ponder buying an avocado-colored refrigerator , clean out his ashtray and leave the show the way he arrived : on top of the zeitgeist , unable to accept his past and utterly , inscrutably alone .
 comedian chris rock made light of racial disparities in police treatment of whites and blacks with a tongue-in-cheek guide to not being beaten by the police . he encapsulated the frustration and grief caused by a new york grand jury 's decision not to indict a white police officer in the death of a black man with a simple tweet : `` this one was on film . '' now , he 's stirring things up again with a series of tweets documenting three traffic stops in seven weeks . `` stopped by the cops again wish me luck , '' he posted early tuesday , along with a photo showing him behind the wheel of a car with what looks like blue police lights in the background . he posted similar photos in february . many african-americans have long bemoaned the phenomenon of being pulled over for no apparent reason , calling it `` driving while black . '' blacks are about 30 % more likely to be pulled over by police than whites , according to figures reported by the bureau of justice statistics in 2013 . and in amid increased conversation over race and policing after the high-profile deaths last year of eric garner in new york and michael brown in ferguson , missouri , the issue is even more sensitive . rock has n't commented on the tweets and did n't say how the police stop turned out . he got lots of support on twitter . `` my heart legit dropped , no kidding , '' one twitter fan posted . many praised him for documenting the stops . some accused him of race-baiting . but one bit of advice in particular lit up social media . actor isaiah washington urged rock to '' #adapt '' to avoid racial profiling . `` i sold my $ 90,000.00 mercedes g500 and bought 3 prius 's , because i got tired of being pulled over by police , '' washington tweeted . some saw that as a sell-out , saying rock should n't have to take steps others might not have to as a way to avoid being pulled over . `` let me guess . . you also make sure your pants are pulled up as well ? . '' twitter user yeshacallahan posted . appearing on cnn , washington defended the tweet , saying he wanted to `` excite a conversation . '' years ago , rock filmed a sketch for his `` chris rock '' show on hbo in which he detailed ways to avoid being beaten by police as a black man . besides obeying the law , he suggested bringing a white friend along for the ride . he did just that last year in a segment of `` comedians in cars getting coffee '' with jerry seinfeld . the two chat as seinfeld drives an orange lamborghini . and what happened ? they get pulled over after seinfeld goes a bit heavy on the gas . `` here 's the crazy thing , '' rock tells seinfeld as the police officer stops the duo . `` if you were n't here , i 'd be scared . ''
 boston native mark wahlberg will star in a film about the boston marathon bombing and the manhunt that followed , deadline reported wednesday . wahlberg 's film , to be titled `` patriots ' day , '' is being produced by cbs films , which linked to the deadline article from its website . according to deadline , wahlberg is hoping to play boston police commissioner ed davis , who retired after the attack in 2013 . the film will be told from davis ' point of view . the film will feature material researched and shot by cbs films ' corporate sibling , the cbs news program `` 60 minutes . '' wahlberg is also a producer of the film . `` patriots ' day '' is the second film related to the boston bombing to be announced . fox announced in november that it will be making a film called `` boston strong '' about the event .
 one hundred and forty-seven victims . many more families affected . even more broken hopes and dreams . as kenyans mourned those killed last week in one of the deadliest terrorist attacks in the nation , citizens used social media to share the victims ' stories , hopes and dreams . using the hashtag # 147notjustanumber -- a reference to the number of people , mostly students , killed at garissa university college on thursday -- kenyans tweeted pictures of the victims in happier times . kenyan authorities have not released a list of the victims . the posts provided heart-wrenching details on the victims , including one about an elderly man whose dreams died with his son . he had reportedly taken a loan to educate him at the university , where he was killed by al-shabaab terrorists . the attack in kenya killed 142 students , three security officers and two university security personnel , and was the nation 's deadliest since the bombing of the u.s. embassy in 1998 . kenyan churches mourned the dead during easter services sunday as armed guards protected the congregations . in emotional services nationwide , churchgoers wept as they paid tribute to the victims of the massacre . the gunmen who attacked the university in the predawn hours separated muslims from christians and killed the latter . the extremist group has also killed muslims in recent attacks . the interior ministry has identified one of the attackers killed by security forces as the son of a government official . the father of suspect abdirahim abdullahi is a chief in mandera and had reported his son missing , officials said . the islamist extremist group is based in somalia , but it has n't confined its terrorism to the nation that shares a border with kenya . in 2013 , militants attacked nairobi 's upscale westgate mall , killing nearly 70 people .
 investigators have collected all the main evidence from the site where germanwings flight 9525 crashed , a french national police official told cnn on saturday . investigators are not expected to return to the crash site , said capt. yves naffrechoux of the high mountain gendarmerie . the plane crashed march 24 in rugged terrain of the alps about 6 miles  10 kilometers  from the town of seyne-les-alpes . `` all the police investigators have left the  germanwings  crash site , '' he said . `` there is only a private security company ensuring security around the crash site so that no one can go there . '' the security firm will guard the site until the remaining debris is collected and taken to secure locations for further analysis , if necessary , he said . the flight data recorder , or `` black box , '' was found thursday by a member of the recovery team . the cockpit voice recorder was found days after the crash . in addition , out of more than 2,000 dna samples collected from the crash site , lab workers have isolated 150 dna profiles , said brice robin , marseilles prosecutor . the crash killed all 150 people on board . brice robin , marseilles prosecutor , said authorities have found 470 personnel effects at the site . that number includes 40 cell phones , though all those were badly damaged . robin cast doubt that any useful information could be retrieved from those phones , given their condition . authorities say the flight 's co-pilot , andreas lubitz , locked the captain out of the cockpit and engineered the plane 's demise . initial tests on the flight data recorder show that lubitz purposely used the controls to speed up the plane 's descent , according to the french air accident investigation agency , the bea . it also has emerged that lubitz had battled depression years before he took the controls of flight 9525 and that he had concealed from his employer recent medical leave notes saying he was unfit for work . calls for crash avoidance technology . cnn 's margot haddad reported from marseille , and greg botelho wrote from atlanta . cnn 's laura smith-spark contributed to this report .
 lost luggage after a long flight is a common , frustrating occurrence of modern air travel . and sometimes , airlines lose things that are irreplaceable . american jennifer stewart says she was devastated to learn that etihad airways lost her most important baggage following a recent trip from abu dhabi to new york city : her 2-year-old pet cat , felix . stewart said that she and her husband , joseph naaman , booked felix on their etihad airways flight from the united arab emirates to new york 's john f. kennedy international airport on april 1 . shortly after the plane arrived in new york that evening , felix went missing somewhere on the grounds of kennedy airport , according to etihad airways . felix was able to get loose , stewart said she believes , because the cat 's plastic carrier was badly damaged at some point either during the flight or the transfer from the airplane to the pickup area . stewart said a cargo manager called the couple to an office after they landed at kennedy last week and notified them that their cat 's carrier had been crushed . photographs taken by stewart showed a large hole in the top of the cat 's carrier . at least one of the corners of the case appeared partially collapsed . nearly one week later , felix remains missing . `` for them to take a cat and ship him like he was cargo , not a live animal , makes me sick , '' stewart said . `` you trust that people care and are doing the job well , and then this happens . '' a representative for etihad airways told cnn that that the loss of pets during air travel is `` extremely rare . '' the airline shipped more than 200 pets last year . etihad airways is investigating the incident and is working with ground handlers at the new york airport to help locate the missing cat . the abu dhabi-based carrier also said it hired `` third-party specialists '' to help in the hunt for felix . `` we deeply regret this unfortunate incident and are keeping the owner apprised of the progress of the search , '' etihad airways told cnn in a statement . `` we will review our pet handling procedures in the wake of this incident , as the safety and care of pets traveling with etihad airways is a top priority . '' stewart and her husband booked the cat 's flight as part of their job relocation to the united states after living in abu dhabi for more than three years . the couple said they spent $ 1,200 to ship felix on the 14-hour flight . `` you pay all of this money , but for what ? people assume you pay extra to have your pets taken care of , but they 're treated no differently than a free piece of checked luggage , '' stewart said . it is n't the first time a pet has gone missing at new york 's busiest airport . in august 2011 , a cat escaped from its carrier before an american airlines flight from new york to san francisco . that cat was eventually discovered -- alive -- two months later in a customs room at the airport . but the cat later had to be euthanized because of injuries and malnutrition it suffered while lost . this weekend , stewart enlisted the help of a local nonprofit , which provided a highly trained detection dog , to help track down felix 's scent . a wildlife biologist who works with the airport has also placed traps to facilitate felix 's safe return , according to the port authority of new york and new jersey . officials at kennedy have offered to assist etihad airways as the airline investigates what happened , the port authority said . stewart said the couple will continue to search the airport until they have answers . `` we just want to find felix . but i just do n't know if we will , '' she said .
 easter is unique on the christian calendar , a major point in the cycle of the religious year , and one that has always been able to resist the commercialization and culture warring that surrounds christmas . that 's in part because easter is genuinely about how religious impulses , and patterns , can operate in ways that affect our lives . nevertheless , i 'm often surprised by how little people , even those supposedly within the christian tradition , actually know about what is called holy week and its culmination on easter sunday . at a time when our culture is roiled by questions of identity and ethics  and tolerance  that have profound religious implications , it 's worth pausing to explore this crucial holiday -- and the awareness of the human condition , in all its sadness and glory , that it engenders . after all , holy week calls mostly to those who incline their minds and hearts in its direction with seriousness of intent . still , the fuss must puzzle those looking on , wondering what it all means . why do christians make so much of this springtime week , and make so much of easter weekend ? there is a phrase that many never come across , even among christians : easter triduum . this refers to the three days of easter that begin with good friday , proceed through holy saturday , and conclude with easter sunday . it 's definitely a progression , although the word itself -- triduum -- can refer to any three days of prayer . easter triduum has a kind of major prologue in maundy thursday , the day when , by tradition , jesus celebrated the last supper with his disciples in the upper room in jerusalem on the night before he was crucified . the idea of holy communion begins with this meal , which was a passover meal . jesus , of course , was jewish , as were all his disciples . he was never trying to erase judaism and found a new religion . his work involved modifying and extending judaism in fresh ways . on maundy thursday , christians sometimes practice the washing of feet , recalling that jesus washed the very dusty feet of his disciples at the last supper as a way of demonstrating profound humility -- showing that he was himself a servant -- and modeling a kind of ideal behavior . good friday is n't , in fact , so good . it 's the day of the crucifixion , when jesus was scourged and beaten , forced to carry his cross to golgotha , the `` place of the skull , '' and nailed to the cross itself for what must have been an agonizing death . the actual scene of the crucifixion varies from gospel to gospel , as do his last words , assembled into the so-called `` seven last words '' of jesus by adding up fragments from different gospels . some of these words are quotations , as when jesus asked god why he has abandoned him : this is a quote from the 22nd psalm , which opens : `` my god , my god , why hast thou forsaken me ? '' good friday is a day of death , sacrifice , displacement , fear . holy saturday is probably the least understood day of the easter triduum . it 's a passageway between the darkness of the crucifixion and the bright hope of easter . this day occupies an anxious space in human experience , when the certain knowledge of something dreadful is n't quite erased -- ca n't be erased -- simply by hope . it 's a day of depression , a day of suspension . then comes easter , with the aura of the resurrection . i 'm always moved by the deep symbolism of this mythic moment , when the body of christ becomes what is called a `` glorified body . '' this was not , as i 've said elsewhere , the great resuscitation , although that 's part of it , too . resurrection implies a total transformation , something beyond the physical realm . it 's very important that almost nobody who encounters jesus after the resurrection can really recognize him , know him , or understand him as the same person who was with them before he was crucified . easter embraces the great mystery of resurrection , with its promise of transformation -- a shift from one form to another , and a change that moves well beyond any literal understanding . the three days of easter , the triduum , occur only once a year on the calendar . but the really interesting thing is that we all experience the pattern of the three days again and again . we find ourselves emptied out in small ways , nailed to our own trees in life , embarrassed or broken by life . it was the buddha who famously observed that life is suffering . good friday embodies the christian version of that truth . jesus suffered in the way all of us must suffer . we must all die , perhaps less ignominiously but just as certainly . our friends and families must die . we all experience illness , loss , sadness , a loss of confidence , darkness . this is simply part of the human experience . we dive again and again into holy saturday , too -- a period of transition , when the bleakness of suffering is perhaps slightly behind us but nothing restorative seems in view . we know well this in-between time ; it 's an anxious passage , with only a glimmer on the horizon of potential hope . and we 've all been resurrected , again and again , perhaps in tiny ways . this is the joy of easter , and it 's not something reserved for one day on the calendar . it 's there whenever we experience what t.s. eliot once called the `` timeless moment , '' which can only occur -- paradoxically -- in time itself . it 's a mystical point where timelessness intersects with time . i suspect we all experience the triduum frequently , sometimes more than once in a single day . but the ritual enactment of these three days of the easter season reminds all of those who practice christianity -- and perhaps those who do n't -- that we should expect to move through darkness into light . it 's a pattern that describes a kind of spiritual progression . it 's good cause for celebration , too : and one that wo n't easily be co-opted by secular culture .
 `` sell all that you own and distribute the money to the poor , and you will have treasure in heaven ; then come , follow me , '' jesus tells the rich man in one of his best-known parables . it was a mantra he invoked repeatedly : the poor were blessed , and it was easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle than it was for the well-to-do to enter paradise . meanwhile , jesus told his twelve apostles to leave their day jobs and follow him on an itinerant mission with few prospects of success and no visible means of support . so how did this wandering band of first-century evangelists support themselves ? clearly , money was a concern , and not just as an impediment to salvation . in the new testament , money gets 37 mentions , while `` gold '' gets 38 citations , `` silver '' merits 20 , and `` copper '' four . `` coin '' comes up eight times , and `` purse '' and `` denarii '' -- the roman currency -- get half a dozen mentions each for a total of 119 currency referrals . perhaps the most relevant reference is also one of the most charged passages in the new testament : . as the gospel of john tells it , six days before passover , jesus was in bethany at the house of his friend lazarus , whom he had raised from the dead . a woman named mary takes a jar of costly perfumed oil and anoints the feet of the reclining jesus . she dries his feet with her hair , an irresistible image for artists and dramatists . judas iscariot objected to the act . `` why was this perfume not sold for three hundred denarii and the money given to the poor ? '' judas asks . though 300 denarii was the annual wage of a laborer , jesus told judas to leave her alone , and foreshadowing his fate , said the anointing would be useful for his burial , and besides , `` you always have the poor with you '' -- but jesus would not always be there . what that passage makes clear is that the jesus community had a common purse because they needed money to survive . so how much ? `` i imagine the ministry functioned at a subsistence level , '' rabbi joshua garroway , a professor of early christianity and the second commonwealth at hebrew union college in los angeles . jesus and his disciples walked , wore what they had , slept outside or in stayed in friends ' homes . they ate what they caught or what others shared . `` i venture to guess that begging and hospitality will have sufficed to meet the basic needs of jesus and the companions with whom he traveled , '' garroway said . garroway said that it was possible , even likely , that jesus and his followers received donations from supporters , and possibly substantial ones from some of the rich people who were drawn to his ministry despite -- or perhaps because of -- his preaching on the perils of wealth . the gospel of luke gives us a glimpse of how jesus ' ministry functioned on a practical level : . `` soon afterwards he went on through cities and villages , proclaiming and bringing the good news of the kingdom of god . the twelve were with him , as well as some women who had been cured of evil spirits and infirmities : mary , called magdalene , from whom seven demons had gone out , and joanna , the wife of herod 's steward chuza , and susanna , and many others , who provided for them out of their resources . '' so , according to luke , women whom jesus had healed in turn provided for him out of their `` resources , '' with mary magdalene and joanna capturing our attention -- one by virtue of her husband , and the other , by her stature in the story of jesus . joanna was an upper-class woman married to a man who was intelligent and capable enough to manage the complicated household of herod antipas , the son of herod the great , the violent and ambitious head of judea . as part of this volatile but powerful household , joanna would be uniquely positioned to help jesus with her resources , being both wealthy and having palace connections . she attends to him during his life , and , the gospels tell us , after his death , as one of the trio of women who go to his tomb and find it empty . with her on that morning is mary magdalene , also identified as -- among other things -- a financial supporter of jesus . mary likely came from the prosperous town of magdala , on the sea of galilee . as home to a thriving fishing industry , as well as dye and textile works , mary could well have come from an affluent family -- or have been a successful business woman herself . mary magdalene was free to travel the country with jesus and his disciples , so was unlikely to have a husband and children waiting for her at home , and in `` finding jesus '' we examine the gnostic gospel of mary magdalene and explore the argument that jesus was , in fact , her husband . she may have simply been an independent woman with her own resources who found a compelling message , and messenger . not only was mary magdalene one of jesus ' most devoted followers , who stuck with him all the way from galilee to jerusalem , from the ministry to the cross and the tomb , but also she provided for him from her own means , said mark goodacre , a professor of new testament and christian origins at duke university . when the gospels speak of her `` ministering '' to jesus , they are explaining that she was one of the key figures in jesus ' everyday mission , goodacre continues . along with other women like joanna and susanna , she was one of those who made his mission viable . along with these women , men like joseph of arimathea and nicodemus , both men of stature and wealth , may have chipped in to help fund jesus ' ministry . the gospels reveal that both these men were rich , and supported jesus -- indeed , it was joseph who removed jesus from the cross on good friday , anointing his body with the help of nicodemus , and placing him in the tomb that joseph had reserved for himself . after the resurrection on that first easter sunday , the movement jesus started grew exponentially , and the church 's relationship to money grew more complicated as the needs became greater . michael mckinley is co-author , with david gibson , of `` finding jesus : faith . fact . forgery. : six holy objects that tell the remarkable story of the gospels . ''
 the nation 's top stories will be unfolding tuesday in courthouses and political arenas across the country . massachusetts is hosting two of the highest-profile court trials in recent memory -- those of former new england patriot aaron hernandez and boston bombing suspect dzhokhar tsarnaev . both lengthy trials are coming to a close . in louisville , kentucky , sen. rand paul made the not-so-surprising announcement that he will run for president , while in chicago , voters will head to the polls in a very surprising runoff between mayor rahm emanuel and challenger jesus `` chuy '' garcia . and in ferguson , missouri , the shadow of michael brown and the protests over his shooting by officer darren wilson will loom large over the city 's elections . here 's a breakdown of what to expect today and how we got here : . tsarnaev , who 's accused of detonating a bomb at the 2013 boston marathon along with his now-deceased brother , faces the stiffest of penalties -- life in prison or the death penalty -- if he 's found guilty on any of 17 capital counts against him , including setting off weapons of mass destruction at a public event as an act of terrorism . the 13th juror : what defense ? on monday , survivors and victims ' families wept and tsarnaev fidgeted at a defense table as jurors heard a prosecutor allege that the 21-year-old `` brought terrorism into the backyards and main streets . '' the jury on tuesday morning began what is expected to be a lengthy deliberation process on 30 total charges , before the so-called penalty phase , should he be found guilty on any counts . it took prosecutors months to present 131 witnesses to support their claim that hernandez killed semi-pro player odin lloyd , yet on monday , hernandez 's defense team wrapped up its witnesses in less than a day . closing arguments are scheduled for tuesday , and the jury will begin deliberations soon thereafter . jurors in fall river , massachusetts , will be asked to decide if hernandez is culpable in the shooting death of lloyd , whose body was found in a massachusetts industrial park in the summer of 2013 . much of the evidence against hernandez is circumstantial , and among the facts the jury will be asked to take into consideration are new england patriots owner robert kraft 's testimony , the testimony of hernandez 's fiancee , some grainy footage from hernandez 's home security system and a footprint left by a nike air jordan shoe . hernandez known for swagger , even in court . ok , sure , no one was floored when the kentucky senator announced his bid for the oval office , but of course it was news when he made it official tuesday . paul is expected to hit the campaign trail visiting the all-important early voters in new hampshire , south carolina , iowa and nevada . the physician rode a wave of tea party popularity into the senate in 2010 , where he carefully built a brand of mainstream libertarianism , and he is banking on a coalition of younger voters and traditional republicans to usher him into the white house . paul and sen. ted cruz are the only declared candidates for the gop nomination , though the field will certainly grow and could include the likes of florida 's jeb bush , new jersey 's chris christie , wisconsin 's scott walker , south carolina 's lindsey graham and florida 's marco rubio . would rand be here without ron ? it 's the windy city 's first runoff for a citywide office , and it 's being billed as a battle for the `` future of chicago . '' in one corner , you have emanuel , president barack obama 's notoriously hard-charging former chief of staff , and in the other , you have jesus `` chuy '' garcia , a county commissioner who has come to embody populist and liberal democrats ' frustrations with the chicago incumbent . after emanuel failed to snare half the vote in february 's general election , he will go head-to-head with garcia . the timing is interesting , too , as easter , passover and spring break appear to have spurred more than 142,000 early votes , up from about 90,000 before the first round of voting in february . following michael brown 's death , the national spotlight shone on ferguson , particularly how the city 's predominantly black population is woefully underrepresented in its police force and city council . yet with all the hubbub about the face of civic leadership , only four in 10 city residents hit the polls in november to cast ballots . residents speak out ahead of vote . tuesday 's election will bring change , no matter how the ballots are cast : two black men are running for one of the open seats , and the current lone black council member is n't up for re-election . in another ward , two black women and two white men are vying for an open seat . and a white protester is running for a third post .
 as aides politely tried to rush ted cruz from an event in cedar falls to one in cedar rapids , iowa , on thursday , the presidential candidate continued shaking hands with anyone who wanted to meet him . finally , after the selfies and conversations started to die down , his aides managed to move him closer to the door when a tall , burly man stopped him . `` senator , '' he said , `` can i pray with you real quick ? '' `` yeah , '' cruz said , as he clasped the man 's upper arm and the two bowed their heads . it was one of the many moments when cruz connected with voters on a religious level last week , as the senator from texas hit the trail in iowa for the first time as a presidential candidate . being the only official contender in the race , cruz drew large crowds during his two-day swing across the state . he 's counting on iowa , known for its vocal and active evangelical base , to propel him forward in what 's expected to be a tough competition among a crowded field of gop candidates . cruz , himself , displays a pastoral swagger when he is speaking on stage and working a room . the senator regularly avoids using a podium , instead favoring pacing the stage with a wireless microphone , a scene reminiscent of a sunday morning sermon . when he meets with people after events , he embraces each one 's hand with both of his , softens his usually theatric tone and looks people square in the eye -- a familiar interaction between churchgoing christians and their pastors . the past two winners of iowa 's caucuses rose to victory with support from the christian right , and cruz , who announced his bid last month at the well-known baptist school liberty university , is aiming to energize that same base and claim the coveted state as his prize . evangelicals make up a large segment of iowa 's republican voter bloc . according to a des moines register/bloomberg politics poll from january , 44 % of likely 2016 republican caucus-goers said they were born-again or evangelical christians . cruz has built a brand as a stalwart conservative willing to buck gop leadership on fiscal issues , but he showed in iowa last week that he 's also eager to champion social issues at a time when many republicans are anxious to avoid them . he was one of the loudest defenders of the religious freedom law in indiana , which came under fire last week for what critics called paving a path to discrimination against gays and lesbians . he described the outrage over the laws as `` shameful '' and an `` assault '' on first amendment rights . `` there are a lot of people here in iowa and across the country whose hearts are breaking , watching what has happened in the last two weeks , '' cruz said friday night at an event in des moines . `` we have seen a grossly unfair vilification of religious liberty . '' related : republican 2016 hopefuls back indiana 's ` religious freedom ' law . he 's more than comfortable talking about his own faith and telling the story of how his father became a christian and a pastor . rafael cruz , who 's become a celebrity among christian conservatives , will frequently visit iowa over the next year , cruz told voters . and cruz 's iowa director , bryan english , is a former pastor . cruz 's first television ads are appearing this weekend during programs on fox news and nbc that are pegged to easter sunday . in the ad , cruz talks about the impact of the `` transformative love of jesus christ '' on his life . while neither mike huckabee , who won iowa in 2008 , nor rick santorum , who won in 2012 , went on to win the nomination , their successes helped launch them into high-profile battles with the then-front-runners . and with both of them likely running again in 2016 , the competition will be stiff . that 's why , for cruz , courting evangelicals is only a component of a three-pronged strategy to win the nomination that also includes dominating the tea party faction and competing for the libertarian base . his stump speech hits on elements that appeal to each faction . he received standing ovations last week for calling to abolish the irs , and , in a knock against the national security agency , he frequently tells audiences to leave their cell phones on so president obama `` can hear every word i have to say . '' cruz argued thursday that the republican party needs to bridge the gap between what he described as the ron paul-rand paul faction of the party -- young libertarian-minded voters -- and the santorum base -- evangelicals . the two blocs , he said , are `` not necessarily the best of chums . '' `` if we 're going to win , we 've got to bring that coalition together , '' he said in cedar falls . `` and i think we can do that . '' cruz frequently says he wants to see a return of the evangelical vote to 2004 levels , when more than six in 10 evangelicals voted in the presidential election , a higher than normal turnout for the demographic . that number has waned slightly since 2004 -- but it 's not too far off from the 56 % of the overall population that voted in 2012 . still , his campaign believes that if it can tap into the group of evangelicals who 've been staying home and get the demographic as a whole to overperform , then that could mean the difference of millions more at the polls . `` if you look at available places for the party to expand the vote , it does n't exist in the middle , it exists in the evangelical vote , '' said rick tyler , a top cruz adviser . `` it is n't a pond , it 's an unfished ocean of available voters who are conservative . '' russell moore , president of the ethics & religious liberty commission of the southern baptist convention , said he expects to see record turnout among evangelicals in 2016 no matter who the nominee is or what that person says . moore points to hot-button topics like religious freedom issues in the u.s. , as well as increased attention to the killing of minority christians in the middle east and rising anti-semitism . `` i do n't think a candidate is going to be able to get very far simply by using evangelical lingo or by pointing to his or her personal faith , '' moore said . `` i think a candidate is going to have to explain how he or she would protect religious liberty and would appoint justices and judges who will maintain the common good . '' later in april , voters in iowa will see the bulk of the gop field tackle these issues when they take the stage at an event hosted by the iowa faith and freedom coalition . while the past two winners of the iowa caucuses -- santorum and huckabee -- are likely running for president again , steve scheffler , president of the group , argued that the field is wide open in terms of who 's going to win favor among evangelicals . jeb bush , while not popular among conservative activists , was known for his staunch anti-abortion record as florida governor and touts his catholic faith as a big force behind his policy views . scott walker is the son of a pastor . ben carson , the former neurosurgeon , rose to fame in conservative circles after criticizing the obama administration at a national prayer breakfast . and other likely candidates -- from marco rubio to rick perry to rand paul -- have made serious efforts to court the religious right . `` it 's up for grabs . it 's a clean slate regardless of if you 've run before , '' scheffler said . `` naturally those two  huckabee and santorum  have the name recognition and database of people who supported them in the past , but by and large voters are going to say , ` let me take a good look at all of these candidates . ' ''
 just kill it already . that was the sentiment of many `` vampire diaries '' fans on tuesday after star nina dobrev announced she will be leaving the cw show at the end of this season . `` i always knew i wanted elena 's story to be a six season adventure , and within those six years i got the journey of a lifetime , '' she posted on her social media accounts after a `` goodbye party '' at lake lanier outside atlanta , where the show is filmed . `` i was a human , a vampire , a doppelganger , a crazy immortal , a doppelganger pretending to be human , a human pretending to be a doppelganger . i got kidnapped , killed , resurrected , tortured , cursed , body-snatched , was dead and undead , and there 's still so much more to come before the season finale in may . '' and while that may be true , fans were feeling a little jilted . many chastised the show 's producers , some even dobrev herself , for allowing the show to go on to a seventh season this fall after she departs . many were upset that dobrev 's departure could sink hopes of seeing a satisfying denouement to the relationship between dobrev 's character , elena gilbert , and love interest vampire damon salvatore . fans called the couple `` delena . '' `` i feel angry , sad , depressed , numb but most of all i feel like part of me died along with nina leaving tvd . nothing will be the same again , '' twitter user idamonandelena posted . producer julie plec issued a statement supporting dobrev 's decision . `` nina is excited to spread her wings , get some rest , travel the world and also take it by storm , and we support her a thousand-fold , '' she said in the statement , according to media accounts . `` we will miss nina and the four hundred characters she played , but we look forward to the insane and exciting challenge of continuing to tell stories of our salvatore brothers and our much-loved and gifted ensemble . '' no thanks , some fans said . dobrev seemed to anticipate the pain , urging fans to hold on through the show 's finale next month . `` if you think you know what 's coming , you do n't , '' she said .
 china 's state prosecutors on friday formally charged the country 's former security czar with accepting bribes , making him the highest-ranking chinese communist party official ever to face corruption charges . zhou yongkang , 72 , was also charged with abuse of power and leaking state secrets , the supreme people 's procuratorate , the highest prosecution authority in china , said . as a member of the ruling communist party 's politburo standing committee -- china 's top decision-making body -- zhou was one of nine men who effectively ruled the country of more than 1.3 billion people . he retired in 2012 . at the height of his power , zhou controlled police forces , spy agencies , court systems as well as prosecution offices across china -- and was n't shy in deploying his vast assets to crush dissent and unrest in the name of `` preserving social stability . '' now , prosecutors have accused zhou of `` taking advantage of his posts to seek benefits for others and illegally accepting huge amounts of money '' during his long political career . his alleged actions have caused heavy losses to public assets and greatly harmed national interests , they added . zhou was notified of his legal rights during the investigation and his lawyer 's views were heard , according to a statement by the prosecutors . his case will be tried in tianjin , a city near the chinese capital , beijing . the president of china 's supreme court recently told reporters there would be `` open '' trials for accused former leaders like zhou . however , the charge of leaking state secrets may allow authorities to shield certain legal proceedings from public view in zhou 's case . zhou has not been seen in public since he attended an anniversary event at his alma mater in october 2013 . he was expelled from the communist party and arrested last december . state media have painted an intricate web of officials , cronies and tycoons -- some with alleged mafia connections -- orbiting around zhou before the crumbling of his power structure last summer . zhou and his family members were said to have accumulated enormous wealth , in a blatant exchange between money and power . he was also found to have affairs with multiple women and allegedly traded power for sex , state-run xinhua news agency reported last year . analysts have viewed his shocking downfall as a watershed moment in the secretive world of chinese politics , now ruled by president xi jinping . xi has been spearheading a massive anti-corruption campaign , targeting both `` tigers '' and `` flies '' -- high-ranking , and low-level , officials . zhou is by far the biggest tiger caught in xi 's dragnet to date . `` the important thing here is that xi has proven he 's powerful enough to break this taboo of never incriminating former politburo standing committee members , '' longtime political analyst willy lam , a professor at the chinese university of hong kong , said last year , when the government revealed its formal investigation into zhou . many observers also note zhou 's patronage of bo xilai , a former communist leader sentenced to life in prison for corruption in 2013 . bo 's spectacular downfall the year before -- complete with tales of murder , bribery and betrayal -- attracted global attention . state media have cited his subsequent conviction as a prime example of xi 's resolve to clean up the party . the former chongqing communist party chief 's supporters , however , have long called him a political victim -- the former high-flying politician was once considered xi 's main challenger for the top spot of chinese leadership . political watchers see similarities between the bo and zhou cases . `` the people being investigated for corruption are on the losing side of factional struggles , '' said lam , who has predicted a suspended death sentence for zhou .
 police have arrested four employees of a popular indian ethnic-wear chain after a minister spotted a security camera overlooking the changing room of one of its stores . federal education minister smriti irani was visiting a fabindia outlet in the tourist resort state of goa on friday when she discovered a surveillance camera pointed at the changing room , police said . four employees of the store have been arrested , but its manager -- herself a woman -- was still at large saturday , said goa police superintendent kartik kashyap . state authorities launched their investigation right after irani levied her accusation . they found an overhead camera that the minister had spotted and determined that it was indeed able to take photos of customers using the store 's changing room , according to kashyap . after the incident , authorities sealed off the store and summoned six top officials from fabindia , he said . the arrested staff have been charged with voyeurism and breach of privacy , according to the police . if convicted , they could spend up to three years in jail , kashyap said . officials from fabindia -- which sells ethnic garments , fabrics and other products -- are heading to goa to work with investigators , according to the company . `` fabindia is deeply concerned and shocked at this allegation , '' the company said in a statement . `` we are in the process of investigating this internally and will be cooperating fully with the police . ''
 nine british citizens were arrested in turkey on wednesday , suspected of trying to cross illegally into syria , the turkish military said on its website . the group included four children -- the oldest being 10 or 11 , with the youngest born in 2013 , a turkish official told cnn on condition of anonymity . the nine were arrested at the turkey-syria border , the turkish military said . it did n't say why the group allegedly was trying to get into syria , which has been torn by a roughly four-year war between syrian government forces and islamist extremist groups and other rebels . among the war 's combatants is isis , which has taken over parts of syria and iraq for what it claims is its islamic caliphate , and which is known to have been recruiting westerners . accompanying the children were three men and two women ; all nine had british passports , the turkish official said . uk police charge man with terror offenses after turkey trip . the british foreign office said wednesday that it is aware of reports of the arrests and that it is seeking information about the incident from turkish authorities . cnn 's gul tuysuz reported from istanbul , and elaine ly reported from london . cnn 's jason hanna contributed to this report .
 kayahan , one of turkey 's best-loved singers and songwriters , died of cancer friday at the age of 66 . he had performed most recently in istanbul on valentine 's day . the performer , who was also an accomplished guitarist , was first diagnosed with cancer in 1990 , the year he competed in the eurovision song contest , and the year before he released the album that ignited his career . the cancer returned in 2005 and then again in 2014 , turkey 's semiofficial anadolu agency reported . he died friday in a hospital in istanbul , five days after his 66th birthday . `` we are in grief over losing kayahan , who contributed to turkish music with countless compositions and marked a generation with his songs , '' prime minister ahmet davutoglu tweeted . the singer , whose full name was kayahan acar , was born in izmir province , in western turkey on march 29 , 1949 . he grew up in ankara , turkey 's capital , before moving to istanbul . in 1990 , he competed in the eurovision song contest , finishing 17th . the following year he released an album titled `` i made a vow , '' which catapulted him to prominence . though he recorded nearly 20 albums , that one would remain his most popular . his final album was released in 2007 . other artists recorded his material throughout his career . videos available online show a vibrant performer with a thick shock of dark hair as he accompanies himself on guitar and croons in a clear tenor . kayahan was best known for his love songs . more recent videos show a frailer performer , seated and without a guitar , but still clearly glorying in the joy of singing a song .
 a nuclear submarine being repaired at a russian shipyard has caught on fire , according to a law enforcement source speaking to russia 's state-run news agency itar-tass . `` the submarine is in a dry dock , '' tass reports , citing the source , and there is no ammunition on board . `` the rubber insulation between the submarine 's light and pressure hull is on fire , '' tass reported . russia 's ria novosti news agency says insulation caught on fire as welding work was being done on the submarine . tass reported that the fire began on a sub in the zvyozdochka shipyard in northwestern russia . zvyozdochka spokesman yevgeny gladyshev told the news agency that the sub had been undergoing repairs since november 2013 . `` nuclear fuel from the sub 's reactor has been unloaded , '' he reportedly said . `` there are no armaments or chemically active , dangerous substances , fissionable materials on it , '' gladyshev said to tass . `` the enterprise 's personnel left the premises when the submarine caught fire , no one has been injured . the fire presents no threat to people and the shipyard . ''
 four workers died in a massive oil rig fire that raged for hours off the coast of mexico wednesday . mexican state oil company pemex said 45 workers were injured in the blaze , which began early wednesday morning . two of them are in serious condition , the company said . authorities evacuated about 300 people from the abkatun permanente platform after the fire started , pemex said . at least 10 boats worked to battle the blaze for hours . the fire had been extinguished by wednesday night , pemex said in a twitter post . the company denied rumors that the platform had collapsed and said there was no oil spill as a result of the fire . the state oil company has n't said what caused the fire on the platform , which is located in the gulf of mexico 's campeche sound . the fire began in the platform 's dehydration and pumping area , pemex said . cnn 's mayra cuevas contributed to this report .
 a french-language global television network regained control of one of its 11 channels thursday after a cyberattack a day earlier crippled its broadcasts and social media accounts . television network tv5monde was gradually regaining control of its channels and social media outlets after suffering what the network 's director called an `` extremely powerful cyberattack . '' in addition to its 11 channels , tv5monde lost control of its social media outlets and its websites , director yves bigot said in a video message posted later on facebook . on a mobile site , which was still active , the network said it was `` hacked by an islamist group . '' isis logos and markings appeared on tv5monde social media accounts . but there was no immediate claim of responsibility by isis or any other group . as day broke thursday in europe , the network had regained the use of one of its 11 channels and its facebook page , paul germain , the chain 's editor in chief , told bfmtv , a cnn affiliate in france . however , by late morning , a number of pages on the network 's website had messages saying they were under maintenance . the outage began around 8:45 p.m. paris time  2:45 p.m. et  on wednesday . tv5monde offers round-the-clock entertainment and news programming that reaches 260 million homes worldwide , according to the ministry of culture and communications . it functions under a partnership among the governments of france , canada and switzerland , as well as the wallonia-brussels federation . other networks that provide content to tv5monde include cnn affiliates france 2 and france 3 , france 24 and radio france international .
 three people were killed and five others were wounded thursday afternoon when a group of armed assailants stormed into the attorney general 's office in balkh province , northern afghanistan , according to a press release from the provincial governor 's office . although most staff members and civilians have been rescued , an exchange of fire between afghan security forces and the assailants is ongoing , the statement says . two police officers and a security guard of the provincial attorney general 's office were among the dead . afghan security forces are cautiously making advances in the fight in order to avoid civilian casualties , according to the press statement .
 guilty across the board . but will he face death ? after deliberating for 11 1/2 hours , jurors found dzhokhar tsarnaev guilty on wednesday of all 30 counts he faced in the boston marathon bombing trial . seventeen of the 30 counts were capital charges , meaning he is eligible for the death penalty . the trial will next move into a penalty phase , where the jury will hear testimony and arguments from both sides and ultimately be tasked with deciding whether tsarnaev , 21 , will be executed . a look at all of the charges . jurors will be asked to weigh aggravating factors such as the heinousness of his crimes against mitigating factors such as his family and mental health history , as well as his relative youth . tsarnaev was 19 at the time of the bombing . the start date of the penalty phase has not yet been set . since testimony began march 4 , federal prosecutors have called 92 witnesses , and the defense just four . it seemed a mismatch from the start . `` he was there , '' tsarnaev 's defense attorney judy clarke conceded as the trial opened , but many say the defense strategy always had been to focus on persuading the jury to spare tsarnaev 's life . tsarnaev lawyer keeps hated criminals off death row . clarke tried to convince jurors that her client 's older brother , 26-year-old tamerlan tsarnaev , who died in a shootout with police days after the terror attack , was the instigator of the marathon plot . the younger man , clarke said , was only following his older brother . after the verdict , cnn legal analyst paul callan said clarke now faces an uphill battle . `` because no. 1 , he  tsarnaev  is almost functioning as an officer of a military organization attacking the united states -- the claim of course that he 's an islamic radical and that this is almost an army-like attack on civilians . `` and the second thing -- it was so well planned and so callously planned so that civilians would die , so that children would be maimed . and all of this , she has to get around and convince the jury he 's not worthy of the death penalty . `` boy , she 's climbing the mount everest of death penalty cases in this case , '' callan said about clarke . survivors react to the verdict . ann o'neill reported from boston . dana ford reported from atlanta .
 do you remember the talk about plans for iraqi-led force to try to take back mosul this spring ? well , you might want to forget it . nearly three months after a u.s. official said up to 25,000 iraqis troops were expected to return to the key northern iraqi city in april or may , a senior official in president barack obama 's administration said thursday that washington is `` not putting a timeframe on '' a possible invasion . it `` might be some time from now . might be soon , '' another senior administration official said . mosul has long been the big prize in the iraqi government 's fight -- aided by a u.s.-led military coalition , which has carried out airstrikes for months -- to defeat isis . it has also long been a source of embarrassment , considering how it fell after iraqi troops dropped their weapons , abandoned their posts and ran for their lives when militants arrived last june . the senior administration officials who talked to reporters thursday stressed the iraqis and their allies are making progress in their fight against the group that calls itself the islamic state . in fact , officials insist that isis has been degraded substantially thanks to a combination of air power and ground combat . the biggest and most recent example of this came with the recapture a few weeks ago of tikrit , the hometown of former iraqi dictator saddam hussein that is located some 100 miles  160 kilometers  north of baghdad . iraqi forces aided by iranian-backed shiite militiamen took that northern city , the same place where isis allegedly massacred iraqi troops last year . still , mosul is n't tikrit . for one thing , it has a lot more people -- about a million , one obama administration official noted . and it 's more important not only to iraq , but isis , meaning the terrorist group has all the more reason to go all-out to defend it . in some ways , the campaign for mosul has begun , according to officials . there are no plans for u.s. combat troops involvement in an eventual operation , they say , but airstrikes have already targeted isis positions in the area . just because the area has been softened up some from the air , though , does n't mean a full ground assault is imminent . calling for `` patience , '' an administration official said that winning mosul is a complex endeavor . it will `` take a lot of capacity , '' the official said , `` and some time to build . ''
 the california public utilities commission on thursday said it is ordering pacific gas & electric co. to pay a record $ 1.6 billion penalty for unsafe operation of its gas transmission system , including the pipeline rupture that killed eight people in san bruno in september 2010 . most of the penalty amounts to forced spending on improving pipeline safety . of the $ 1.6 billion , $ 850 million will go to `` gas transmission pipeline safety infrastructure improvements , '' the commission said . another $ 50 million will go toward `` other remedies to enhance pipeline safety , '' according to the commission . `` pg&e failed to uphold the public 's trust , '' commission president michael picker said . `` the cpuc failed to keep vigilant . lives were lost . numerous people were injured . homes were destroyed . we must do everything we can to ensure that nothing like this happens again . '' the company 's chief executive officer said in a written statement that pg&e is working to become the safest energy company in the united states . `` since the 2010 explosion of our natural gas transmission pipeline in san bruno , we have worked hard to do the right thing for the victims , their families and the community of san bruno , '' tony earley said . `` we are deeply sorry for this tragic event , and we have dedicated ourselves to re-earning the trust of our customers and the communities we serve . the lessons of this tragic event will not be forgotten . '' on september 9 , 2010 , a section of pg&e pipeline exploded in san bruno , killing eight people and injuring more than 50 others . the blast destroyed 37 homes . pg&e said it has paid more than $ 500 million in claims to the victims and victims ' families in san bruno , which is just south of san francisco . the company also said it has already replaced more than 800 miles of pipe , installed new gas leak technology and implemented nine of 12 recommendations from the national transportation safety board . according to its website , pg&e has 5.4 million electric customers and 4.3 million natural gas customers . the los angeles times reported the previous record penalty was a $ 146 million penalty against southern california edison company in 2008 for falsifying customer and worker safety data . cnn 's jason hanna contributed to this report .
 in her 40 years living in rochelle , illinois , cathy olson had never seen a tornado that big . `` i saw the top of the funnel cloud , and it was absolutely massive , '' she said . she watched the hulking gray twister grind past her town thursday , tearing up its fringes . farther north , in the rural illinois hamlet of fairdale , one person died as a twister shredded homes and ripped trees bare of leaves and most limbs . only the thickest branches remained standing . it was the only death reported so far in two days of tornado touchdowns . rochelle was fortunate . but in nearby kirkland , debris was so thick on the roads , responders searching for trapped residents could not yet assess the damage or injuries , fire officials said . on thursday , a video surfaced on youtube of a massive twister barreling across an open field , barely missing farmhouses and barns . images of the funnel turned up elsewhere on social media . multiple tornadoes ripped through the rural midwest on thursday . a large and dangerous twister tore across fields in iowa . and a twister touched down 70 miles outside of st. louis . eight tornadoes were reported wednesday in oklahoma , kansas and missouri , the storm prediction center said . but it appears residents have been fortunate enough to come away from the terrifying weather spectacle alive . hail stones the size of tennis balls plummeted down on ashton , illinois . it could have been worse as severe tornado damage dotted a path not far from the dense populations of chicago and rockford -- the state 's third largest city . the tornado cut a 22-mile path through ogle county , according to disaster management coordinator tom richter . north of rochelle , a tornado took away a local favorite restaurant -- grubsteakers . `` it 's kind of one of your little greasy spoon restaurants , '' said eric widick , who drove up in his truck to help out . `` we 're a community . if one person is in need , we 'll all be there for them . '' people were inside when the storm quashed grubsteakers and turned over a semitruck parked outside . no one was killed or seriously injured , widick said . although a patron who found shelter in a restroom was trapped inside for about half an hour . people had been eating at grubsteakers for some 25 years and will miss it , widick said . in rochelle , the tornado flattened some of olson 's friends ' homes . a safe distance away from it , at her mother 's house , she had to think about her husband , chet , who was reelected mayor of the town of about 10,000 people the day before . he 'd have a job ahead of him . `` i have not been able to get a hold of him , olson said , `` but i know he 's in touch with the sheriff and is safe , '' she said . sheriff brian vanvickle told journalists late thursday that the tornado had spared life and limb in ogle county aside from some people whose injuries were easily treatable . the county lost 20 homes -- one of them was his own . fifty to 100 houses had significant damage , he said . only foundations remained of some homes , said storm chaser dan gottschalk . `` you can hear the hissing everywhere from where the structures used to be , '' he said . lindsey clark , a reporter from cnn affiliate wrex , said rescuers were pulling trapped people from a home in the rochelle area . vanvickle was newly elected sheriff of rochelle on wednesday . on thursday , the storm took his house and his sister-in-law 's . `` i 've got the clothes on my back , '' he said . but his family was n't at home when it hit . `` my family was on the way to louisville , dog was in the basement and she survived . '' it was the first tornado the sheriff had ever seen in his county . `` i 've lived here all my life , am the fifth generation in the county . my mom said this is the first time she 's ever seen a tornado . '' he is thankful that the national weather service warned one could come . that saved lives , he believes . the service warned of a `` particularly dangerous situation . '' people across the midwest should be on alert for severe weather . tornado watches were set to run out early friday . cnn 's anneclaire stapleton , catherine shoichet , greg botelho , dave alsup , steve almasy , jack maddox and sean morris contributed to this report .
 eyewitness video showing white north charleston police officer michael slager shooting to death an unarmed black man has exposed discrepancies in the reports of the first officers on the scene . slager has been fired and charged with murder in the death of 50-year-old walter scott . a bystander 's cell phone video , which began after an alleged struggle on the ground between slager and scott , shows the five-year police veteran shooting at scott eight times as scott runs away . scott was hit five times . if words were exchanged between the men , they 're are not audible on the tape . it 's unclear what happened before scott ran , or why he ran . the officer initially said that he used a taser on scott , who , slager said , tried to take the weapon . before slager opens fire , the video shows a dark object falling behind scott and hitting the ground . it 's unclear whether that is the taser . later in the video , when slager approaches scott 's body , slager appears to drop a dark object near scott . slager is seen in the video handcuffing scott after the shooting . witness : i nearly erased shooting video out of fear . feidin santana , the witness who recorded the video , said he did n't see scott grab slager 's taser . his account contradicts what slager told dispatchers . in two interviews with nbc , santana said that he was walking to his job in north charleston on saturday morning when he saw slager chase scott , who had been pulled over for a broken taillight . santana told nbc 's lester holt on wednesday that he saw the two men struggling on the ground . `` they were down on the  ground  ... before i started recording , '' santana said . `` i remember the police  officer  had control of the situation . he had control of scott . '' santana said he heard the sound of a taser being used . he believed scott was trying to get away from it . but scott never got the taser or used it on the officer , santana told nbc . who was walter scott ? a north charleston police report included brief statements from eight police officers , but not slager . one officer , identified as sgt. j. gann , said in the report he was conducting a separate traffic stop about 9:30 a.m. saturday when he heard -- apparently via radio -- slager say he was `` in foot pursuit '' of another motorist . gann said that while driving to the officer 's location , `` slager advised that he deployed his taser and  requested  back up units . '' seconds later , gann reported , he heard slager tell a dispatcher , `` shots fired and the subject is down . he took my taser . '' hours after the shooting , the post and courier of charleston quoted a statement from police spokesman spencer pryor , who said slager attempted to use his taser to stop a fleeing suspect . the men struggled over the device , with the suspect taking the taser and attempting to use it against slager , the newspaper reported . in the police report , another officer , j. banias , said he was heading to the scene about 10 minutes after the initial call . slager asked him to `` secure his vehicle at the site of the traffic stop . '' banias said he spoke to a passenger in the car scott was driving . `` the passenger was ... detained and placed in the back seat of my vehicle , '' the officer reported . the passenger 's identity was not given in the report , but the officer said in the report that the passenger was detained . scott family spokesman ryan julison confirmed to cnn that a man was with scott and said he is not related to the family . the family declined to provide any more information . a timeline of events . the north charleston police department is not providing additional information , citing an ongoing investigation of scott 's killing by the independent south carolina law enforcement division . gann said when he arrived at the shooting scene , an officer identified only as habersham `` was administering first aid '' to scott . `` i exited my vehicle and assisted officer habersham with first aid and cpr to the driver , '' gann said in the report . `` we continued to perform first aid and cpr until ems arrived ... when ems and first responders arrived , ems took care over providing care to the driver , who was pronounced deceased a short time later . '' habersham , in his account , did not mention performing cpr . `` i attempted to render aid to the victim by applying pressure to the gunshot wounds and  directing  the best route for ems and fire to get to the victim faster , '' he said in the report . an officer identified as sgt. webb said that he requested an ambulance . webb said that at 9:41 a.m. he saw habersham `` administering chest compression to the defendant . '' north charleston police chief eddie driggers was asked at a news conference this week whether cpr was performed on scott . `` i do not know . i was told that life-saving ... that they tried to save his life , '' driggers said . north charleston mayor keith summey added that not every north charleston police officer is cpr certified . what we know about officer slager .